[See below. I expect this to be a short telecon due to the many regrets.
I am at ESWS in Crete with poor connections, so Ralph will chair. BTW
tonight we will have a joint dinner of the SWBPD participants (about 8)
that are here.]
AGENDA Teleconference
W3C Semantic Web Best Practices &amp; Deployment Working Group
13 May 2004, 1400 UTC,
0700 (West US), 1000 (East US), 1500 (London), 1600 (Amsterdam),
2300 (Tokyo), 0400 (midnight Sydney)
Duration: 30-60 min
Bridge: +1.617.761.6200 passcode 7927#
IRC Chat: irc:irc.w3.org (port 6665), #swbp
Chair: Ralph Swick
Scribe: [please volunteer]
1. ADMINISTRIVIA (10 min)
Role call
Regrets: see the mailing list
PROPOSED to accept the minutes of the April 29 telecon:
Agenda amendments
2 ACTION ITEM REVIEW( 10 min)
ACTION: Ralph will list future dates and times for the telecons on the
web site
ACTION: Mike to post a proposal to the list on the syntax to use in
notes and email
ACTION: Guus to contribute a pattern on quantities for May 27th telecon
ACTION: Guus to contribute a pattern on qualified-cardinality
restriction for May 27th telecon
ACTION: Deborah to write a pattern on closing roles by June 10th telecon
ACTION: Jeremey to check with Jos if he is participating in the XSCH TF
ACTION: Ralph to add completed and "under consideration" TFs to the
description on the web page
(http://www.w3.org/2001/sw/BestPractices/#Tasks)
ACTION: Ralph to talk with the chair of the XML Schema WG to invite
them to join the XSCH TF
ACTION: Ralph and Jeremy to update XSCH TF description
ACTION: Aldo to forward comments from the WN group to the list
ACTION: Aldo to review the progress in the WN TF at the next telecon
(May 13th)
ACTION: Aldo to discuss a plan for the May 27th discussion on WN at the
next telecon (May 13th)
ACTION: Alistair, using the SKOS note as a strawman, to discuss how to
adapt it to a WG note
ACTION: DanBri to propose a short-term paln for the THES TF
ACTION: DanBri to give access to TF homepage to Alistair
ACTION: Guus read bernard's e-mail with draft TMAP msg
ACTION: Evan to report on the status of the UML profile for ontologies
in June
ACTION: Jim report back on short-term plan for World Task Force.
ACTION: Libby and Brian propose repository for apps based on
test-repository
ACTION: Guus set up link from SWBP home to page to "tips and tricks"
ACTION: Aldo organize 30 min TF discussion on WNET for next telecon.
3. TASK FORCES (10-30 min)
TF leaders to give status update plus point to discussion items, if
any
OEP - Ontology Engineering and Patterns
Coordinator: Deb McGuinness
THES - Porting Thesaurii to RDF and OWL
Coordinator: Dan Brickley
WordNET
Coordinator: Aldo Gangemi
WRLD - World View
Coordinator: Jim Hendler
XSCH - XML Schema Datatypes
Coordinator: Jeremey Carroll &amp; (open - XML Schema WG)
4. AOB
Free University Amsterdam, Computer Science
De Boelelaan 1081a, 1081 HV Amsterdam, The Netherlands
E-mail: schreiber@cs.vu.nl
Home page: http://www.cs.vu.nl/~guus/
my regrets -
DONE - http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-swbp-wg/2004May/0057.html
Professor James Hendler http://www.cs.umd.edu/users/hendler
Director, Semantic Web and Agent Technologies 301-405-2696
Univ of Maryland, College Park, MD 20742 240-277-3388 (Cell)
regrets for may 13
Deborah L. McGuinness
Knowledge Systems Laboratory
353 Serra Mall
Gates Computer Science Building, 2A Room 241
Stanford University, Stanford, CA 94305-9020
URL: http://ksl.stanford.edu/people/dlm/index.html
Regrets - I have another meeting.
Brian
have to send at the last minute my regrets
Jos De Roo, AGFA http://www.agfa.com/w3c/jdroo/
Hi,
the relatively new Semantic Web Best Practices and Deployment Working Group,
has started a task force with the remit of looking at:
- the relationship between the value spaces of the primitive simple types,
when used in the Semantic Web
- in RDF and OWL, what URIs can be used for user-defined XS simple types.
The current draft task force description is found at:
(pending edits are: add Evan Wallace and Pat Hayes as TF members, add test
cases to the deliverables - note the '2 additional from XML Schema WG' is
indicative not intended as a limitation)
We agreed to formally invite you to participate, but I believe that
invitation has no yet been made ... :(
However, given that some of the TF participants and potential participants
will be at WWW2004 in New York next week, it seems like a good opportunity
to get the ball rolling.
I think it would be good for participants and potential participants in such
a task force to get together informally to discuss what we might do, and to
try and understand where we are all coming from. I am imagining a discussion
over a beer one evening, or a BoF table one lunch time ...
(I see that many of you are already in the area for your F2F, I will be
getting in Monday evening, which would hence be the earliest I can do)
Jeremy
