I will put together the Agenda for the Atlanta meeting. Here's some
issues that should be discussed. Volunteers are *really needed* ( to
drive discussion on their selected topic) this meeting as I'm *really
swamped* myself!
RFC2518bis
- Proposals for client forcing server auth challenge - Ilya?
- Required support for ETags
- If header evaluation/simplification proposals &amp; compatibility -
Geoff?
Other drafts
- quota draft
- Binding issues coming up on DL
- allprop/include draft
Other issues
- Impact of XML namespace changes -- Julian?
- ACL submission status
I'm sure I've missed items so let me know.
--Lisa
Please start sending your group meetings' agendas.
Thanks,
Dinara Suleymanova
Lisa,
if you need help/assistance in preparing
and
(which should be XML 1.1/ XML namespaces 1.1 changes, right?), please let me
know.
Julian
Yes -- I need help not only in preparing these discussions, but also
leading them at the WG meeting. I understand you won't be able to make
it to Atlanta, Julian. Is somebody who will be there able to work with
Julian on understanding and explaining the XML namespace issues and the
allprop Include draft?
lisa
From: Julian Reschke [mailto:julian.reschke@gmx.de]
Sent: Thursday, November 07, 2002 6:36 AM
Subject: RE: WG Agendas for the 55th IETF
to
*really
let
