Hi folks, this is the weekly call for agenda items for this weeks telecon.
Please let me have them by 10 am uk time, Thursday (a bit earlier than usual due
to other commitments).
My informal list of possibles includes:
Responding to Pat's request to decide whether graphs 'are' sets or bags. Plan
to base proposal on Jeremy's text.
Closing off syntax issues as per Dave's message. I'm inclined to start with
section 2, those we consider out of scope and then do section 1. The idea is to
avoid getting into detailed discussion; but to do those we can all quickly agree on.
Datatypes: Please can we keep pushing this forward.
Primer update
schema update
syntax update
Brian
At the end of the meeting, I'd like to know the answers to
the following questions wrt the MT, Syntax and Primer docs:
1. What issues must be resolved before the doc is ready
for a public release?
2. What can other WG members do to help with #1?
3. What is the tentative date for the doc being reading for
WG review?
Art
For the MT the rewrite is almost done.
Monday is more realistic than tomorrow.
Pat
IHMC(850)434 8903 home
40 South Alcaniz St.(850)202 4416 office
phayes@ai.uwf.edu
