RDFCore WG 2001-07-20 Teleconference Minutes
Transcript:
Agenda:
Roll call:
Participants:
- Art Barstow (scribe)
- Dave Beckett
- Dan Brickley
- Brian McBride (chair)
- Bill dehOra
- Jan Grant
- Martyn Horner
- Ghram Klyne
- Frank Manola
- Eric Miller
- Sergey Melnik
- Stephen Petschulat
- Aaron Swartz
Regrets:
- Dan Connolly
- Ron Daniel
- Jos De Roo
- Mike Dean
- Rael Dornfest
- Pat Hayes
- Yoshiyuki Kitahara
- Ora Lassila
Absent:
- Frank Boumphrey
- Renato Iannella
- Michael Kopchenov
- Satoshi Nakamura
- Pierre G. Richard
Review of Previous Action Items:
Previous minutes:
Previous minutes APPROVED.
Confirm Following Actions Completed
ACTION 2001-07-13#1: Brian Acknowledge receipt of Coordination
points between RDF(S) and DAML+OIL
COMPLETED
ACTION 2001-07-13#6 Brian McBride: Send out a message asking people to
register at
COMPLETED
ACTION 2001-07-13#7 Brian McBride: Open the issues of namespaces with
Sergey as owner
COMPLETED
ACTION 2001--7-13#9 Frank Manola: Clarify the choices for anonymous
resources with some of their ramifications
COMPLETED
ACTION 2001-07-13#12 Brian McBride: *Provide a writeup about the use of
anonymous resources by his colleagues
COMPLETED
ACTION 2001-07-13#15 Brian McBride: Writeup the pros and cons of various
xml:lang alternatives
COMPLETED
Call for Any Other Business
NO other business/issues were raised.
Review status of following actions:
ACTION: JUN-01-01-#9: Ora: send a note to the WG that describes
how aboutEach is being used and how it was implemented
COMPLETED
ACTION: 2001-06-22#5: DanBri: Get a draft of RDFSchema to the group.
CONTINUE
ACTION: 2001-07-06#2 (danbri) - write test cases for the RDF schema issues
that are impacted by literals-as-resources.
CONTINUE
ACTION 2001-07-13#3 Frank Manola: Draft an assessment of Coordination
points between RDF(S) and DAML+OIL
CONTINUE [some progress has been made]
ACTION 2001-07-13#4 Dave Beckett: Meet with Art Barstow to decide who will
maintain N-Triples
COMPLETED
ACTION 2001-07-13#5 All: Review
http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/w3c-rdfcore-wg/2001Jul/0039.html
COMPLETED
ACTION 2001-07-13#8 Pat Hayes: Produce a strawman model theory for RDF
CONTINUE
ACTION 2001-07-13#10 Pat Hayes: Provide his point of view on anonymous
resources
CONTINUE
ACTION 2001-07-13#11 Graham Klyne: Summarize the proposals on anonymous
resources from Frank, Pat, and any others
CONTINUE
ACTION 2001-07-13#13 All: Submit any anonymous resource use cases
that you feel are important
COMPLETED
ACTION 2001-07-13#14 Brian McBride: Followup with Eric Miller on whether
M&amp;S's model of xml:lang meets the needs of his usecase
CONTINUE
----- Agenda Items -----
#rdfms-container-formal-model
Consider Dan Brickley's writeup:
Propose to accept Dan's recommended changes.
DanBri: does anyone object to my proposal?
Graham: no
Bill: no
Jan: no
Review the F2F page at:
ACTION 2001-07-20#1 - all WG members - send regrets to Eric Miller ASAP
if you not be able to attend the meeting.
ACTION 2001-07-20#2 - all WG members - if you registered but are not
on the registration list:
send email to Eric Miller.
o Brian expects the schedule to be flexible and changed
o If the xml:lang issue is to be discussed at the the meeting, Aaron
propose that the discussion occur on Aug 1
o All WG members are encouraged to make 10 minute presentations.
o Eric recommends that all 10 minute presentations include open issues
in the implementation; ground the presentation with real experience
o WG members that expressed an interest in making a presentation:
Graham, Sergey, Art, Martyn, Jan.
o Brian is concerned that Pat's model theory will not be ready for
the f2f. Frank noted that DAML's A Model-Theoretic Semantics for
DAML+OIL paper:
could be useful.
ACTION 2001-07-20#3 - Brian - write up Pat's notes and sent it to
the list
ACTION 2001-07-20#4 - all WG members - send references to model
theory proposals to the list
ACTION 2001-07-20#5 - Sergey - summarize the model theory references
o Eric noted that only one network connection is gauranteed at the
meeting. It is not clear if wireless support will be available.
ACTION 2001-07-20#6 - DanBri - send a note to the list that
describes the RDF Schema issues that he wants to discuss
at the f2f meeting
Review status of #rdfms-uri-substructure (10 mins)
* See IRC log for complete discussion
Review status of #rdfms-identity-anon-resources (15 mins)
Where have the discussions so far got to? How do we propose to move
forward?
* See IRC log for complete discussion
Graham: we've had lots of discussion but no consensus. I am waiting
for Pat's comments.
Brian: FrankM's summary was good:
ACTION 2000-07-20#7 - Graham - send additional thoughts/comments
to the list. Include questions [and answers from Graham's perspective]
that will help clarify the issues.
ACTION 2000-07-20#8 - Frank - send additional thoughts/comments to the list
Review status of #rdfms-xmllang (10 mins)
* See IRC log for complete discussion
Brian summarized the issues in:
Brian: are there additional use cases we need to consider that
provide convincing evidence that M&amp;S needs to be changed?
ACTION 2000-07-20#9 - Graham - create xml:lang use cases
ACTION 2000-07-20#10 - Bill - create xml:lang use cases
ACTION 2000-07-20#11 - Brian - propse changes that need to be made to
clarify the M&amp;S
ACTION 2000-07-20#12 - FrankM - send model theory refernces to the
list
Review status of #rdfms-literal-is-xml-structure (10 mins)
THERE WAS NO DISCUSSION WAS ON THIS AGENDA ITEM.
Review status of #rdfms-graph (10 mins)
THERE WAS NO DISCUSSION WAS ON THIS AGENDA ITEM.
And if we have time:
THERE WAS NO DISCUSSION WAS ON THIS AGENDA ITEM.
Next meeting
July 27, 2001, 10:00am Boston time
Hi Art,
I recall Eric saying that xml:lang as defined in M&amp;S was sufficient for the
OCLC use case Eric provided and that this action was closed.
I recall the working group accepted recommended changes.
Brian
Two meetings ago I took an action to draft an assessment of the paper
"Coordination
points between RDF(S) and DAML+OIL". An initial draft is attached.
Comments appreciated.
--Frank
Frank Manola The MITRE Corporation
202 Burlington Road, MS A345 Bedford, MA 01730-1420
ACTION 2000-07-20#10 - Bill - create xml:lang use cases
I actually took an action to review the grammar and prose
surrounding Literals, specifically the xml parseType attribute.
I'll have a think about this one anyway.
Bill
