Hello,
A proposed agenda [1] for the meeting in Austin Thursday and
Friday is online (and included as text below).
The meeting page [2] has bus schedule information from the
hotel to IBM, to restaurants, etc.
Rich has told me that we should have equipment set up
to allow people call us (through an 800 number) during
the meeting. We'll post details about what number to
call as soon as we have that information.
Talk to you soon,
- Ian
[1] http://www.w3.org/WAI/UA/1999/12/f2f-agenda-19991209
[2] http://www.w3.org/WAI/UA/1999/12/ua-agenda
Whoops! Forgot the text!
F2F Agenda (Tentative)
* [3]UAGL WG Home Page
* [4]Austin meeting page
* [5]Issues list
* [6]6 December Guidelines
[3] http://www.w3.org/WAI/UA
[4] http://www.w3.org/WAI/UA/1999/12/ua-agenda
[5] http://cmos-eng.rehab.uiuc.edu/ua-issues/issues-linear.html
[6] http://www.w3.org/WAI/UA/WD-WAI-USERAGENT-19991206/
Proposed process for resolving issues
Since we received a number of [7]issues during last call, the Chair
proposes the following process for resolving them during the meeting:
[7] http://cmos-eng.rehab.uiuc.edu/ua-issues/issues-linear.html
Each issue will be given 10 minutes for discussion and resolution.
If the issue has not been resolved after 10 minutes, the group by
consensus allocate an additional 5 minutes for discussion if they
feel the additional time will lead to resolution. If the issue is
still not resolved, it will remain on the table until the Friday
afternoon time block reserved for resolving remaining open issues.
Working group members interested in the issue will be solicitied to
develop proposals to help resolve the issues on Friday afternoon.
Thursday, 9 December
8:00 Transportation leaves from Hotel to IBM
8:15 - 8:30 Continental Breakfast
8:30 - 8:40 Preliminaries
* Introductions
* Review of agenda
8:40 - 9:40 Introduction and Definitions
* [8]LC#117: How are exception cases determined and by whom?
* [9]LC#119: Proposed narrowing of scope in definition of
"applicability" (ALSO: Put back in conformance section? -IJ)
* [10]LC#128: Extend definition of focus to include GUI control
focus
* [11]LC#137: Use of terms for disabilities, impairment
* [12]LC#144: Editorial changes to some Guideline titles suggested
* [13]LC#173: Proposed revision of "native" to account for OS
features
[8]
[9]
[10]
[11]
[12]
[13]
9:40 - 10:20 Guideline 1. Support input and output
device-independence
* [14]LC#141: Need to qualify checkpoint 1.4 in same was as 1.1 is
qualified re: "every"
* [15]LC#142: Checkpoint 1.5 (output device-independence) needs
clarification.
* [16]LC#152: Proposed checkpoint: "Do not constrain the accessible
output by constraints of the existing presentation"
* [17]LC#172: Some clarification required in 1.1
[14]
[15]
[16]
[17]
10:20 -10:30 Break
10:30 - 11:20 Guideline 2. Ensure user access to all content
* [18]LC#138: "Synchronized equivalent" v. "Continuous Equivalent"/
Proposed split of 2.5
* [19]LC#140: Clarification on 2.3 required: how do you satisfy it
if you don't support a language?
* [20]LC#143: Proposed deletion of 2.6 since special case of 2.2
* [21]LC#168: Checkpoint 2.7: Add object name in addition to type.
* [22]LC#174: Natural language identification issues.
[18]
[19]
[20]
[21]
[22]
11:20 - 12:00 Guideline 3. Allow the user to turn off rendering or
behavior
that may reduce accessibility
* [23]LC#145: Why is 3.7 Pri 1 and 3.10 Pri 3? (Re: blinking and
flashing)
* [24]LC#167: Proposed checkpoint to allow users to turn on/off
multilingual support.
* [25]LC#169: What UI is required for turning on/off features that
may impede accessibility?
[23]
[24]
[25]
12:00 - 1:00 Lunch
1:00 - 2:10 Guideline 4. Ensure user control over styles
* [26]LC#115: Checkpoint to maintain relative font sizes?
* [27]LC#118: User Interface for text size (font size) control
* [28]LC#132: Checkpoint 4.17 (Note): User should not be able to
turn off default styles
* [29]LC#135: Add incremental forward/rewind for audio, video,
speech?
* [30]LC#151: Proposed checkpoint: change audio rate without
changing pitch
[26]
[27]
[28]
[29]
[30]
2:10 - 3:00 Guideline 5. Observe operating system conventions and
standard
interfaces
* [31]LC#114: How do requirements for APIs overlap (DOM? Platform
standards? Provided by Tool)
* [32]LC#120: The UAGL should pay more attention to UI
accessibility
* [33]LC#121: Consider reordering/grouping the
checkpoints/Guidelines (e.g., accessible content/accessible UI)
* [34]LC#122: Proposed checkpoint related to input focus on
controls
* [35]LC#123: Proposed checkpoint to use standard UI components for
the interface.
[31]
[32]
[33]
[34]
[35]
3:00 - 3:20 Break
3:20 - 4:30 Guideline 5. Observe operating system conventions and
standard
interfaces
* [36]LC#124: Should the Guidelines reference MSAA and JAAPI?
* [37]LC#113: Deletion of Guideline 2: Support the Keyboard
* [38]LC#116: Non-editorial issues raised by Eric Hansen
* [39]LC#147: Need to review priority and wording of 5.8
* [40]LC#150: Do APIs apply when the software is accessible on its
own?
* [41]LC#154: Proposed requirement that UAs give access to style
sheet classes
* [42]LC#165: Add information about system level flags to 5.2
[36]
[37]
[38]
[39]
[40]
[41]
[42]
4:30 - 5:00 Guideline 6. Implement open specifications and their
accessibility features
* [43]LC#111: Proposal to make Checkpoint 6.1 have a relative
priority
* [44]LC#157: Correct reference to XSL in checkpoint 6.2 since only
a Working Draft.
[43]
[44]
Dinner at local restaurant
Friday, 10 December
8:00 Transportation leaves from Hotel to IBM
8:15 - 8:30 Continental Breakfast
8:30 - 8:40 Guideline 7. Provide navigation mechanisms
* [45]LC#160: Delete checkpoints 7.3 and 8.2 (related to tables)
since too vague
[45]
8:40-9:10 Guideline 8. Help orient the user
* [46]LC#160: Delete checkpoints 7.3 and 8.2 (related to tables)
since too vague
* [47]LC#163: Proposed new checkpoint on "Favorites" functionality
[46]
[47]
9:00 - 9:10 Guideline 9. Notify the user of content and viewport
changes
* [48]LC#148: Checkpoint 9.6: Does RETURN count as explicit submit?
[48]
9:10 - 10:10 Guideline 10. Allow the user to configure the user
agent
* [49]LC#112: Split checkpoint 10.1 into two separate checkpoints
for author and user agent input functionalities and mark as an
issue during last call
* [50]LC#129: Need to clarify 10.3 ("Allow the user to change and
control the inputconfiguration. Users should be able to activate
a
functionality with a single-stroke (e.g., single-key, single
voicecommand, etc.).)
* [51]LC#130: Proposed rewording of 10.5: Avoid default   input
configurations that conflict with operating system navigation,
control, and access conventions.
* [52]LC#131: Proposed change in wording of 10.8
* [53]LC#134: Proposed modification of 10.3: "The controls mustbe
user-selectable."
* [54]LC#149: 10.6: Wording (delete "and software") and Priority.
[49]
[50]
[51]
[52]
[53]
[54]
10:10 - 10:20 Break
10:20 - 10:30 Guideline 11. Provide accessible product documentation
and
help
* None, review guideline for any possible interactions with other
changes
10:30 - 12:00 Other Issues
* [55]LC#113: Deletion of Guideline 2: Support the Keyboard
* [56]LC#116: Non-editorial issues raised by Eric Hansen
* [57]LC#120: The UAGL should pay more attention to UI
accessibility
* [58]LC#121: Consider reordering/grouping the
checkpoints/Guidelines (e.g., accessible content/accessible UI)
* [59]LC#136: Proposal for checklist delivery (part of conformance)
* [60]LC#153: Hold off on conformance until functional requirements
between browsers/ATs more defined?
* [61]LC#170: How can UAs "stay" accessible when there is a mass of
inaccessible content?
[55]
[56]
[57]
[58]
[59]
[60]
[61]
12:00 - 1:00 Lunch
1:00 - 2:30 Priority Changes Only
* [62]LC#133: Priority of 10.1 compared to 10.3
* [63]LC#146: Review priorities of 4.16, 5.2, 8.3, 8.5, 10.3, 10.6
* [64]LC#155: Propose change of priorities for checkpoints 5.3 (r/w
access) and 10.3 (single key)
* [65]LC#156: Propose change in priority of 5.6 (P1 - P2)
* [66]LC#158: Propose priority change (1 to 2) for checkpoint 4.1
(control of font family)
* [67]LC#159: Propose raise priority of 4.13 to Priority 1
* [68]LC#161: Raise priority of 8.8 to P2 (highlighting and
identifying selection/focus)
* [69]LC#162: Raise priority of 8.9 (consistency in configs) to P2.
* [70]LC#166: Review priority of 10.5 (default configs that
interfere with OS conventions)
* [71]LC#175: Proposed raise (to P1) of checkpoint 4.18
* [72]LC#176: Proposed change in priority (P3 to P2) for checkpoint
8.7 (link information
[62]
[63]
[64]
[65]
[66]
[67]
[68]
[69]
[70]
[71]
[72]
2:30 - 2:45 Break
2:45 - 4:45 Discussion of unresolved actions items
4:45 - 5:00 Review of action items from meeting and discussion of
guideline
scheduling for proposed recommendation
Last Modified: $Date: 1999/12/08 18:52:03 $
More information on the meeting.
For those calling into the meeting the phone number is 888-566-6350. The
passcode is 31069 and the passcode is needed.
The phone confirmation for December 9th is 6322664 and for December 10th it
is 6322737 should you need it (you should not). If you want to disconnect
at breaks it is fine just connect back in after break.
Shuttle pick up back to hotel is at 5:30 PM. Shuttle service will pick up
persons to go to La Vista restaurant in the Hyatt on December 9th between
6:30 and 6:45 PM. It will pick up persons from the Hyatt between 10:15 and
10:30. The shuttle service is Star Shuttle.
Rich
Rich Schwerdtfeger
Lead Architect, IBM Special Needs Systems
EMail/web: schwer@us.ibm.com http://www.austin.ibm.com/sns/rich.htm
"Two roads diverged in a wood, and I -
I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.",
Frost
Ian Jacobs ij@w3.org on 12/08/99 01:02:38 PM
Subject: Re: Proposed Agenda for Austin face-to-face 9/10 December
Whoops! Forgot the text!
F2F Agenda (Tentative)
* [3]UAGL WG Home Page
* [4]Austin meeting page
* [5]Issues list
* [6]6 December Guidelines
[3] http://www.w3.org/WAI/UA
[4] http://www.w3.org/WAI/UA/1999/12/ua-agenda
[5] http://cmos-eng.rehab.uiuc.edu/ua-issues/issues-linear.html
[6] http://www.w3.org/WAI/UA/WD-WAI-USERAGENT-19991206/
Proposed process for resolving issues
Since we received a number of [7]issues during last call, the Chair
proposes the following process for resolving them during the meeting:
[7] http://cmos-eng.rehab.uiuc.edu/ua-issues/issues-linear.html
Each issue will be given 10 minutes for discussion and resolution.
If the issue has not been resolved after 10 minutes, the group by
consensus allocate an additional 5 minutes for discussion if they
feel the additional time will lead to resolution. If the issue is
still not resolved, it will remain on the table until the Friday
afternoon time block reserved for resolving remaining open issues.
Working group members interested in the issue will be solicitied to
develop proposals to help resolve the issues on Friday afternoon.
Thursday, 9 December
8:00 Transportation leaves from Hotel to IBM
8:15 - 8:30 Continental Breakfast
8:30 - 8:40 Preliminaries
* Introductions
* Review of agenda
8:40 - 9:40 Introduction and Definitions
* [8]LC#117: How are exception cases determined and by whom?
* [9]LC#119: Proposed narrowing of scope in definition of
"applicability" (ALSO: Put back in conformance section? -IJ)
* [10]LC#128: Extend definition of focus to include GUI control
focus
* [11]LC#137: Use of terms for disabilities, impairment
* [12]LC#144: Editorial changes to some Guideline titles suggested
* [13]LC#173: Proposed revision of "native" to account for OS
features
[8]
[9]
[10]
[11]
[12]
[13]
9:40 - 10:20 Guideline 1. Support input and output
device-independence
* [14]LC#141: Need to qualify checkpoint 1.4 in same was as 1.1 is
qualified re: "every"
* [15]LC#142: Checkpoint 1.5 (output device-independence) needs
clarification.
* [16]LC#152: Proposed checkpoint: "Do not constrain the accessible
output by constraints of the existing presentation"
* [17]LC#172: Some clarification required in 1.1
[14]
[15]
[16]
[17]
10:20 -10:30 Break
10:30 - 11:20 Guideline 2. Ensure user access to all content
* [18]LC#138: "Synchronized equivalent" v. "Continuous Equivalent"/
Proposed split of 2.5
* [19]LC#140: Clarification on 2.3 required: how do you satisfy it
if you don't support a language?
* [20]LC#143: Proposed deletion of 2.6 since special case of 2.2
* [21]LC#168: Checkpoint 2.7: Add object name in addition to type.
* [22]LC#174: Natural language identification issues.
[18]
[19]
[20]
[21]
[22]
11:20 - 12:00 Guideline 3. Allow the user to turn off rendering or
behavior
that may reduce accessibility
* [23]LC#145: Why is 3.7 Pri 1 and 3.10 Pri 3? (Re: blinking and
flashing)
* [24]LC#167: Proposed checkpoint to allow users to turn on/off
multilingual support.
* [25]LC#169: What UI is required for turning on/off features that
may impede accessibility?
[23]
[24]
[25]
12:00 - 1:00 Lunch
1:00 - 2:10 Guideline 4. Ensure user control over styles
* [26]LC#115: Checkpoint to maintain relative font sizes?
* [27]LC#118: User Interface for text size (font size) control
* [28]LC#132: Checkpoint 4.17 (Note): User should not be able to
turn off default styles
* [29]LC#135: Add incremental forward/rewind for audio, video,
speech?
* [30]LC#151: Proposed checkpoint: change audio rate without
changing pitch
[26]
[27]
[28]
[29]
[30]
2:10 - 3:00 Guideline 5. Observe operating system conventions and
standard
interfaces
* [31]LC#114: How do requirements for APIs overlap (DOM? Platform
standards? Provided by Tool)
* [32]LC#120: The UAGL should pay more attention to UI
accessibility
* [33]LC#121: Consider reordering/grouping the
checkpoints/Guidelines (e.g., accessible content/accessible UI)
* [34]LC#122: Proposed checkpoint related to input focus on
controls
* [35]LC#123: Proposed checkpoint to use standard UI components for
the interface.
[31]
[32]
[33]
[34]
[35]
3:00 - 3:20 Break
3:20 - 4:30 Guideline 5. Observe operating system conventions and
standard
interfaces
* [36]LC#124: Should the Guidelines reference MSAA and JAAPI?
* [37]LC#113: Deletion of Guideline 2: Support the Keyboard
* [38]LC#116: Non-editorial issues raised by Eric Hansen
* [39]LC#147: Need to review priority and wording of 5.8
* [40]LC#150: Do APIs apply when the software is accessible on its
own?
* [41]LC#154: Proposed requirement that UAs give access to style
sheet classes
* [42]LC#165: Add information about system level flags to 5.2
[36]
[37]
[38]
[39]
[40]
[41]
[42]
4:30 - 5:00 Guideline 6. Implement open specifications and their
accessibility features
* [43]LC#111: Proposal to make Checkpoint 6.1 have a relative
priority
* [44]LC#157: Correct reference to XSL in checkpoint 6.2 since only
a Working Draft.
[43]
[44]
Dinner at local restaurant
Friday, 10 December
8:00 Transportation leaves from Hotel to IBM
8:15 - 8:30 Continental Breakfast
8:30 - 8:40 Guideline 7. Provide navigation mechanisms
* [45]LC#160: Delete checkpoints 7.3 and 8.2 (related to tables)
since too vague
[45]
8:40-9:10 Guideline 8. Help orient the user
* [46]LC#160: Delete checkpoints 7.3 and 8.2 (related to tables)
since too vague
* [47]LC#163: Proposed new checkpoint on "Favorites" functionality
[46]
[47]
9:00 - 9:10 Guideline 9. Notify the user of content and viewport
changes
* [48]LC#148: Checkpoint 9.6: Does RETURN count as explicit submit?
[48]
9:10 - 10:10 Guideline 10. Allow the user to configure the user
agent
* [49]LC#112: Split checkpoint 10.1 into two separate checkpoints
for author and user agent input functionalities and mark as an
issue during last call
* [50]LC#129: Need to clarify 10.3 ("Allow the user to change and
control the inputconfiguration. Users should be able to activate
a
functionality with a single-stroke (e.g., single-key, single
voicecommand, etc.).)
* [51]LC#130: Proposed rewording of 10.5: Avoid default   input
configurations that conflict with operating system navigation,
control, and access conventions.
* [52]LC#131: Proposed change in wording of 10.8
* [53]LC#134: Proposed modification of 10.3: "The controls mustbe
user-selectable."
* [54]LC#149: 10.6: Wording (delete "and software") and Priority.
[49]
[50]
[51]
[52]
[53]
[54]
10:10 - 10:20 Break
10:20 - 10:30 Guideline 11. Provide accessible product documentation
and
help
* None, review guideline for any possible interactions with other
changes
10:30 - 12:00 Other Issues
* [55]LC#113: Deletion of Guideline 2: Support the Keyboard
* [56]LC#116: Non-editorial issues raised by Eric Hansen
* [57]LC#120: The UAGL should pay more attention to UI
accessibility
* [58]LC#121: Consider reordering/grouping the
checkpoints/Guidelines (e.g., accessible content/accessible UI)
* [59]LC#136: Proposal for checklist delivery (part of conformance)
* [60]LC#153: Hold off on conformance until functional requirements
between browsers/ATs more defined?
* [61]LC#170: How can UAs "stay" accessible when there is a mass of
inaccessible content?
[55]
[56]
[57]
[58]
[59]
[60]
[61]
12:00 - 1:00 Lunch
1:00 - 2:30 Priority Changes Only
* [62]LC#133: Priority of 10.1 compared to 10.3
* [63]LC#146: Review priorities of 4.16, 5.2, 8.3, 8.5, 10.3, 10.6
* [64]LC#155: Propose change of priorities for checkpoints 5.3 (r/w
access) and 10.3 (single key)
* [65]LC#156: Propose change in priority of 5.6 (P1 - P2)
* [66]LC#158: Propose priority change (1 to 2) for checkpoint 4.1
(control of font family)
* [67]LC#159: Propose raise priority of 4.13 to Priority 1
* [68]LC#161: Raise priority of 8.8 to P2 (highlighting and
identifying selection/focus)
* [69]LC#162: Raise priority of 8.9 (consistency in configs) to P2.
* [70]LC#166: Review priority of 10.5 (default configs that
interfere with OS conventions)
* [71]LC#175: Proposed raise (to P1) of checkpoint 4.18
* [72]LC#176: Proposed change in priority (P3 to P2) for checkpoint
8.7 (link information
[62]
[63]
[64]
[65]
[66]
[67]
[68]
[69]
[70]
[71]
[72]
2:30 - 2:45 Break
2:45 - 4:45 Discussion of unresolved actions items
4:45 - 5:00 Review of action items from meeting and discussion of
guideline
scheduling for proposed recommendation
Last Modified: $Date: 1999/12/08 18:52:03 $
More information on the meeting.
For those calling into the meeting the phone number is 888-566-6350. The
passcode is 31069 and the passcode is needed.
The phone confirmation for December 9th is 6322664 and for December 10th it
is 6322737 should you need it (you should not). If you want to disconnect
at breaks it is fine just connect back in after break.
Shuttle pick up back to hotel is at 5:30 PM. Shuttle service will pick up
persons to go to La Vista restaurant in the Hyatt on December 9th between
6:30 and 6:45 PM. It will pick up persons from the Hyatt between 10:15 and
10:30. The shuttle service is Star Shuttle.
Rich
Rich Schwerdtfeger
Lead Architect, IBM Special Needs Systems
EMail/web: schwer@us.ibm.com http://www.austin.ibm.com/sns/rich.htm
"Two roads diverged in a wood, and I -
I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.",
Frost
Ian Jacobs ij@w3.org on 12/08/99 01:02:38 PM
Subject: Re: Proposed Agenda for Austin face-to-face 9/10 December
Whoops! Forgot the text!
F2F Agenda (Tentative)
* [3]UAGL WG Home Page
* [4]Austin meeting page
* [5]Issues list
* [6]6 December Guidelines
[3] http://www.w3.org/WAI/UA
[4] http://www.w3.org/WAI/UA/1999/12/ua-agenda
[5] http://cmos-eng.rehab.uiuc.edu/ua-issues/issues-linear.html
[6] http://www.w3.org/WAI/UA/WD-WAI-USERAGENT-19991206/
Proposed process for resolving issues
Since we received a number of [7]issues during last call, the Chair
proposes the following process for resolving them during the meeting:
[7] http://cmos-eng.rehab.uiuc.edu/ua-issues/issues-linear.html
Each issue will be given 10 minutes for discussion and resolution.
If the issue has not been resolved after 10 minutes, the group by
consensus allocate an additional 5 minutes for discussion if they
feel the additional time will lead to resolution. If the issue is
still not resolved, it will remain on the table until the Friday
afternoon time block reserved for resolving remaining open issues.
Working group members interested in the issue will be solicitied to
develop proposals to help resolve the issues on Friday afternoon.
Thursday, 9 December
8:00 Transportation leaves from Hotel to IBM
8:15 - 8:30 Continental Breakfast
8:30 - 8:40 Preliminaries
* Introductions
* Review of agenda
8:40 - 9:40 Introduction and Definitions
* [8]LC#117: How are exception cases determined and by whom?
* [9]LC#119: Proposed narrowing of scope in definition of
"applicability" (ALSO: Put back in conformance section? -IJ)
* [10]LC#128: Extend definition of focus to include GUI control
focus
* [11]LC#137: Use of terms for disabilities, impairment
* [12]LC#144: Editorial changes to some Guideline titles suggested
* [13]LC#173: Proposed revision of "native" to account for OS
features
[8]
[9]
[10]
[11]
[12]
[13]
9:40 - 10:20 Guideline 1. Support input and output
device-independence
* [14]LC#141: Need to qualify checkpoint 1.4 in same was as 1.1 is
qualified re: "every"
* [15]LC#142: Checkpoint 1.5 (output device-independence) needs
clarification.
* [16]LC#152: Proposed checkpoint: "Do not constrain the accessible
output by constraints of the existing presentation"
* [17]LC#172: Some clarification required in 1.1
[14]
[15]
[16]
[17]
10:20 -10:30 Break
10:30 - 11:20 Guideline 2. Ensure user access to all content
* [18]LC#138: "Synchronized equivalent" v. "Continuous Equivalent"/
Proposed split of 2.5
* [19]LC#140: Clarification on 2.3 required: how do you satisfy it
if you don't support a language?
* [20]LC#143: Proposed deletion of 2.6 since special case of 2.2
* [21]LC#168: Checkpoint 2.7: Add object name in addition to type.
* [22]LC#174: Natural language identification issues.
[18]
[19]
[20]
[21]
[22]
11:20 - 12:00 Guideline 3. Allow the user to turn off rendering or
behavior
that may reduce accessibility
* [23]LC#145: Why is 3.7 Pri 1 and 3.10 Pri 3? (Re: blinking and
flashing)
* [24]LC#167: Proposed checkpoint to allow users to turn on/off
multilingual support.
* [25]LC#169: What UI is required for turning on/off features that
may impede accessibility?
[23]
[24]
[25]
12:00 - 1:00 Lunch
1:00 - 2:10 Guideline 4. Ensure user control over styles
* [26]LC#115: Checkpoint to maintain relative font sizes?
* [27]LC#118: User Interface for text size (font size) control
* [28]LC#132: Checkpoint 4.17 (Note): User should not be able to
turn off default styles
* [29]LC#135: Add incremental forward/rewind for audio, video,
speech?
* [30]LC#151: Proposed checkpoint: change audio rate without
changing pitch
[26]
[27]
[28]
[29]
[30]
2:10 - 3:00 Guideline 5. Observe operating system conventions and
standard
interfaces
* [31]LC#114: How do requirements for APIs overlap (DOM? Platform
standards? Provided by Tool)
* [32]LC#120: The UAGL should pay more attention to UI
accessibility
* [33]LC#121: Consider reordering/grouping the
checkpoints/Guidelines (e.g., accessible content/accessible UI)
* [34]LC#122: Proposed checkpoint related to input focus on
controls
* [35]LC#123: Proposed checkpoint to use standard UI components for
the interface.
[31]
[32]
[33]
[34]
[35]
3:00 - 3:20 Break
3:20 - 4:30 Guideline 5. Observe operating system conventions and
standard
interfaces
* [36]LC#124: Should the Guidelines reference MSAA and JAAPI?
* [37]LC#113: Deletion of Guideline 2: Support the Keyboard
* [38]LC#116: Non-editorial issues raised by Eric Hansen
* [39]LC#147: Need to review priority and wording of 5.8
* [40]LC#150: Do APIs apply when the software is accessible on its
own?
* [41]LC#154: Proposed requirement that UAs give access to style
sheet classes
* [42]LC#165: Add information about system level flags to 5.2
[36]
[37]
[38]
[39]
[40]
[41]
[42]
4:30 - 5:00 Guideline 6. Implement open specifications and their
accessibility features
* [43]LC#111: Proposal to make Checkpoint 6.1 have a relative
priority
* [44]LC#157: Correct reference to XSL in checkpoint 6.2 since only
a Working Draft.
[43]
[44]
Dinner at local restaurant
Friday, 10 December
8:00 Transportation leaves from Hotel to IBM
8:15 - 8:30 Continental Breakfast
8:30 - 8:40 Guideline 7. Provide navigation mechanisms
* [45]LC#160: Delete checkpoints 7.3 and 8.2 (related to tables)
since too vague
[45]
8:40-9:10 Guideline 8. Help orient the user
* [46]LC#160: Delete checkpoints 7.3 and 8.2 (related to tables)
since too vague
* [47]LC#163: Proposed new checkpoint on "Favorites" functionality
[46]
[47]
9:00 - 9:10 Guideline 9. Notify the user of content and viewport
changes
* [48]LC#148: Checkpoint 9.6: Does RETURN count as explicit submit?
[48]
9:10 - 10:10 Guideline 10. Allow the user to configure the user
agent
* [49]LC#112: Split checkpoint 10.1 into two separate checkpoints
for author and user agent input functionalities and mark as an
issue during last call
* [50]LC#129: Need to clarify 10.3 ("Allow the user to change and
control the inputconfiguration. Users should be able to activate
a
functionality with a single-stroke (e.g., single-key, single
voicecommand, etc.).)
* [51]LC#130: Proposed rewording of 10.5: Avoid default   input
configurations that conflict with operating system navigation,
control, and access conventions.
* [52]LC#131: Proposed change in wording of 10.8
* [53]LC#134: Proposed modification of 10.3: "The controls mustbe
user-selectable."
* [54]LC#149: 10.6: Wording (delete "and software") and Priority.
[49]
[50]
[51]
[52]
[53]
[54]
10:10 - 10:20 Break
10:20 - 10:30 Guideline 11. Provide accessible product documentation
and
help
* None, review guideline for any possible interactions with other
changes
10:30 - 12:00 Other Issues
* [55]LC#113: Deletion of Guideline 2: Support the Keyboard
* [56]LC#116: Non-editorial issues raised by Eric Hansen
* [57]LC#120: The UAGL should pay more attention to UI
accessibility
* [58]LC#121: Consider reordering/grouping the
checkpoints/Guidelines (e.g., accessible content/accessible UI)
* [59]LC#136: Proposal for checklist delivery (part of conformance)
* [60]LC#153: Hold off on conformance until functional requirements
between browsers/ATs more defined?
* [61]LC#170: How can UAs "stay" accessible when there is a mass of
inaccessible content?
[55]
[56]
[57]
[58]
[59]
[60]
[61]
12:00 - 1:00 Lunch
1:00 - 2:30 Priority Changes Only
* [62]LC#133: Priority of 10.1 compared to 10.3
* [63]LC#146: Review priorities of 4.16, 5.2, 8.3, 8.5, 10.3, 10.6
* [64]LC#155: Propose change of priorities for checkpoints 5.3 (r/w
access) and 10.3 (single key)
* [65]LC#156: Propose change in priority of 5.6 (P1 - P2)
* [66]LC#158: Propose priority change (1 to 2) for checkpoint 4.1
(control of font family)
* [67]LC#159: Propose raise priority of 4.13 to Priority 1
* [68]LC#161: Raise priority of 8.8 to P2 (highlighting and
identifying selection/focus)
* [69]LC#162: Raise priority of 8.9 (consistency in configs) to P2.
* [70]LC#166: Review priority of 10.5 (default configs that
interfere with OS conventions)
* [71]LC#175: Proposed raise (to P1) of checkpoint 4.18
* [72]LC#176: Proposed change in priority (P3 to P2) for checkpoint
8.7 (link information
[62]
[63]
[64]
[65]
[66]
[67]
[68]
[69]
[70]
[71]
[72]
2:30 - 2:45 Break
2:45 - 4:45 Discussion of unresolved actions items
4:45 - 5:00 Review of action items from meeting and discussion of
guideline
scheduling for proposed recommendation
Last Modified: $Date: 1999/12/08 18:52:03 $
