Minutes of RDF Telecon July 26th 2002
Chair: Eric Miller
Scribe: Jeremy Carroll
(with assistance from Dave and Jan)
SUMMARY
DECISIONS
DECISION rdf:ID matches the same as XML IDs.
DECISION The WG agree the modified proposal of msg July 0080
We plan to consider the new document (title still unknown)
(editors) for publication as a WD next meeting.
ACTIONS
ACTION ericm Chase minutes of telecon of 19th July 2002.
ACTION danbri Circulate a document re Lbase by Wednesday 31st July.
ACTION jjc Update test case from colon in ID e-mail.
ACTION dave Update syntax document to bring rdf:ID into line with xmlid
ACTION jjc Create test case with number at start of ID.
ACTION daveb to update syntax doc to reflect nodeID
ACTION jjc to produce nodeID test cases
ACTION daveB to update rdfms-names-use to reflect rdf:nodeID
ACTION gk Release new draft of doc for Tuesday.
ACTION ericm Review new document.
ACTION danbri Review new document, particularly section 2.3.
ACTION jos Review new document, particularly section 2.3.
ACTION frank Review section 2.3 of new document .
ACTION ericm Solicit more reviewers for new document on WG e-mail.
DETAILS
Agenda: http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/w3c-rdfcore-wg/2002Jul/0155.html
IRC log below.
1: Volunteer scribe
Jeremy
2: Roll Call
Present:
Eric Miller
Dave Becket
Jan Grant
Frank Manola
Steve Petchulat
Dan Brickley
Jeremy Carroll
Graham Klyne
Jos de Roo
Mike Dean
Regrets:
Brian McBride
Dan Connolly
Pat Hayes
Patrick Stickler is on holiday
3: Review Agenda
No change, but changed under item 7.
4: Next telecon Aug 2nd 2002
5: Review minutes of 2002-07-19 teleconference
no minutes yet
IRC log:
Appears that Patrick agreed to write up minutes.
ACTION ericm Chase minutes of telecon of 19th July 2002.
6: Status of Action Items
ACTION: danbri, eric
Identify who owns the publishing next steps and responsibilities for
LBase Note
context: http://www.w3.org/2002/07/19-rdfcore-irc.html#T14-13-49
ACTION danbri Circulate a document re Lbase by Wednesday 31st July.
ACTION: jang
update test cases in light of bugs /dd
context: http://www.w3.org/2002/07/19-rdfcore-irc#T14-34-20
ACTION: eric
Look into why jang gets dropped on rdf-comments list and fix problem
context: http://www.w3.org/2002/07/19-rdfcore-irc#T14-35-21
continued.
(Proposed Closed)
ACTION: 2002-06-28#2 bwm
get editors together, review contents of documents
Jeremy asserted that he attended a telecon that was this meeting;
the action is closed.
7) rdf:ID / rdf:node proposal
Agenda discussion split this into:
7a) rdf:ID
Dave: the issue is that xml id and rdf id are different.
Propose to make them the same.
On some readings of M&amp;S this makes RDF more restrictive in that
XML IDs cannot begin with numbers.
DECISION: rdf:ID matches the same as XML IDs.
Abstention: Mike Dean.
ACTION jjc Update test case from colon in ID e-mail.
ACTION dave Update syntax document to bring rdf:ID into line with xmlid
ACTION jjc Create test case with number at start of ID.
7b) rdf:node
Proposal:
Discussion, followed by minor mods to the proposal, and unaminous decision.
The changes to the proposal were that
+ rdf:node is replaced by rdf:nodeID.
+ the value of rdf:nodeID must match the same as rdf:ID
(which is the same as XML IDs).
There was also discussion about whether applications had to store these
IDs; the relationship to NTriple IDs.
A substantive point was whether two new attributes or one should be used.
Eric argued that each new attribute adds a significant pedagogical cost,
and hence that one was better than two.
DECISION The WG agree the modified proposal of msg July 0080
Carried unaminously (vocally).
ACTION daveb to update syntax doc to reflect nodeID
ACTION jjc to produce nodeID test cases
ACTION daveB to update rdfms-names-use to reflect rdf:nodeID
8) New Document
Graham talks through new document.
see also
Eric: the section 2.3 needs active review.
Eric asked if this is ready to go out as a WD, and pointed out
that the schedule is tight. Graham said yes, Jeremy nearly.
ACTION gk Release new draft of doc for Tuesday.
The plan is to try and OK its release as a WD next Friday.
Reviewers. DaveB has already reviewed the document.
ACTION ericm Review new document.
ACTION danbri Review new document, particularly section 2.3.
ACTION jos Review new document, particularly section 2.3.
ACTION frank Review section 2.3 of new document .
ACTION ericm Solicit more reviewers for new document on WG e-mail.
9) rdfns-assertion
Not discussed, except for emphasis on reviewing section 2.3
10) Procedure for determining reserved vocabulary
Skipped
11) Schedule and Process to Last Call
Eric: dependency on datatypes is a problem.
12) Datatypes
Proposed as main theme for next week.
IRC LOG
13:00:05 logger_1 logger_1 has joined #rdfcore
13:00:05 irc.w3.org Users on #rdfcore: @logger_1
13:27:22 em em has joined #rdfcore
13:27:38 em em has changed the topic to: rdfcore teleconference -
2002-07-26
13:48:16 Zakim Zakim has joined #rdfcore
13:48:22 RRSAgent RRSAgent has joined #rdfcore
13:48:24 RRSAgent * RRSAgent is logging
13:48:32 em agenda +Volunteer scribe
13:48:33 Zakim * Zakim notes agendum 1 added
13:48:41 em agenda +Roll Call
13:48:42 Zakim * Zakim notes agendum 2 added
13:48:52 em Agenda +Review Agenda -
13:48:53 Zakim * Zakim notes agendum 3 added
13:49:04 em agenda + Next telecon Aug 2nd 2002
13:49:05 Zakim * Zakim notes agendum 4 added
13:49:28 em agenda +Review minutes of 2002-07-19 teleconference - (no
minutes but log http://www.w3.org/2002/07/19-rdfcore-irc)
13:49:29 Zakim * Zakim notes agendum 5 added
13:49:42 em agenda +action item status
13:49:43 Zakim * Zakim notes agendum 6 added
13:49:55 danbri danbri has joined #rdfcore
13:50:00 em agenda +rdf:ID / rdf:node proposal -
13:50:01 Zakim * Zakim notes agendum 7 added
13:50:14 ilrt ilrt has joined #rdfcore
13:50:18 em agenda +New Document -
13:50:19 Zakim * Zakim notes agendum 8 added
13:50:31 em agenda +rdfns-assertion
13:50:32 Zakim * Zakim notes agendum 9 added
13:50:42 em agenda +Procedure for determining reserved vocabulary
13:50:43 Zakim * Zakim notes agendum 10 added
13:50:57 em agenda +Schedule and Process to Last Call
13:50:58 Zakim * Zakim notes agendum 11 added
13:51:01 em agenda +datatypes
13:51:02 Zakim * Zakim notes agendum 12 added
13:51:21 ilrt2 ilrt2 has joined #rdfcore
13:51:22 em * em we have to figure out how to get rdf agenda's into
rrsagent....
13:54:41 em * em heads for much needed coffee... back in a few
13:55:42 danbri * danbri too
13:55:51 danbri * danbri sympathising w/ boston timezone ;-)
13:56:08 gk-scribe gk-scribe has joined #rdfcore
13:56:16 gk-scribe gk-scribe is now known as gk
13:57:12 em * em thanks gk for his excellent prep work
13:57:43 em zakim, list conferences.
13:57:44 Zakim I see SW_RDFCore()10:00AM, WAI_EOWG()8:30AM
13:57:53 em zakim, this is SW_RDFCore.
13:57:54 Zakim sorry, em, I do not see a conference named 'SW_RDFCore.'
13:57:57 em zakim, this is SW
13:57:58 Zakim ok, em
13:58:05 em zakim, who is here?
13:58:06 Zakim On the phone I see EricM
13:58:07 Zakim On IRC I see gk, ilrt2, ilrt, danbri, RRSAgent, Zakim,
em, logger_1
13:58:27 gk * gk dialling...
14:00:45 Zakim +??P3
14:01:01 Zakim +Manola
14:01:02 Zakim +??P11
14:01:09 ilrt ilrt is now known as DaveB
14:01:13 ilrt2 ilrt2 is now known as jang
14:01:20 gk * gk GK, just joined (??P11 ?)
14:02:57 em zakim, who is here?
14:02:58 Zakim On the phone I see EricM, ??P3, Manola, ??P11
14:02:59 Zakim On IRC I see gk, jang, DaveB, danbri, RRSAgent, Zakim,
em, logger_1
14:03:02 danbri * danbri dialing
14:03:25 jang zakim, don't pick me!
14:03:26 Zakim I don't understand 'don't pick me!', jang. Try /msg
Zakim help
14:03:56 danbri zakim, exempt.add(danbri,'wrists hurt')
14:03:57 Zakim I don't understand 'exempt.add(danbri,'wrists hurt')',
danbri. Try /msg Zakim help
14:04:26 Zakim +??P13
14:04:32 Zakim +DanBri
14:04:40 em zakim, +??P13 is jjc
14:04:41 Zakim sorry, em, I do not recognize a party named '+??P13'
14:05:02 jang zakim, ??P13 is jjc
14:05:04 Zakim +Jjc; got it
14:05:06 Zakim +??P12
14:05:08 connolly connolly has joined #rdfcore
14:05:22 connolly * connolly is a little slow booting up; reviews
agenda...
14:05:32 DaveB DaveB is now known as DaveB-scr
14:05:37 em agenda?
14:05:38 Zakim * Zakim sees 12 items remaining on the agenda:
14:05:39 Zakim * Zakim 1. Volunteer scribe [from em]
14:05:40 Zakim * Zakim 2. Roll Call [from em]
14:05:41 Zakim * Zakim 3. Review Agenda -
[from em]
14:05:43 Zakim * Zakim 4. Next telecon Aug 2nd 2002 [from em]
14:05:44 Zakim * Zakim 5. Review minutes of 2002-07-19 teleconference
- (no minutes but log http://www.w3.org/2002/07/19-rdfcore-irc) [from em]
14:05:47 Zakim * Zakim 6. action item status [from em]
14:05:48 Zakim * Zakim 7. rdf:ID / rdf:node proposal -
[from em]
14:05:51 Zakim * Zakim 8. New Document -
14:05:53 Zakim * Zakim 9. rdfns-assertion [from em]
14:05:54 Zakim * Zakim 10. Procedure for determining reserved
vocabulary [from em]
14:05:56 Zakim * Zakim 11. Schedule and Process to Last Call [from em]
14:05:58 Zakim * Zakim 12. datatypes [from em]
14:06:11 DaveB-scr jjc scribe
14:06:14 em zakim, who is here?
14:06:15 Zakim On the phone I see EricM, ??P3, Manola, ??P11, DanBri,
Jjc, ??P12
14:06:15 DaveB-scr (daveb doing for now)
14:06:16 Zakim On IRC I see connolly, gk, jang, DaveB-scr, danbri,
RRSAgent, Zakim, em, logger_1
14:06:46 em gk is here
14:06:53 em stevep is here
14:06:58 em daveb and jan are also here
14:07:02 gk zakim, ??P11 is GK
14:07:04 Zakim +GK; got it
14:07:05 DaveB-scr rollcall complete
14:07:09 DaveB-scr review agenda
14:07:25 DaveB-scr item 4
14:07:43 DaveB-scr donm, 2 august
14:07:50 jjcscribe jjcscribe has joined #rdfcore
14:07:57 jang reg bwm (holidaY0 jos \
14:08:08 jjcscribe I am on now.
14:08:18 jjcscribe reg danc
14:08:19 DaveB-scr regrets josd
14:08:24 DaveB-scr DaveB-scr is now known as DaveB
14:08:28 jang [excuse poor trying, imac ketbroad]
14:08:39 jjcscribe Minutes Last Telecon
14:08:53 jjcscribe Patrick agreed to do minutes but they are missing
14:09:09 jjcscribe ACTION ericm Chase minutes of last telecon
14:09:20 jjcscribe Current record is IRC log
14:10:30 Zakim +Mike_Dean
14:10:46 jjcscribe ACTION danbri versus LBase
14:11:04 jjcscribe dan will circulate something before Wednesday
14:11:37 jjcscribe This will be a note coming out of the WG discussion
14:12:32 jjcscribe ACTION: jang update test cases - continued
14:12:34 RRSAgent * RRSAgent records action 1
14:12:50 jjcscribe ACTION: eric Look into why jang ... continued
14:12:51 RRSAgent * RRSAgent records action 2
14:13:47 jjcscribe 2002-06-28# closed
14:13:55 jjcscribe Because close
14:14:56 Zakim +??P15
14:15:17 jjcscribe Jos joined
14:15:20 jjcscribe Agenda item 7
14:15:23 DaveB regrets were from PatH
14:16:01 jjcscribe New agenda item 7a rdf:ID
14:16:08 jang jjc:
14:16:17 jang my take is that xml NS production is the correct one
14:16:24 jang ie, a ns name, without the colon
14:16:34 jang djb: we've been over this, can't we decide it?
14:16:36 danbri Oh., em, Agenda request: Namespaces 1.1 LC review.
14:16:38 jang dave: anyone object?
14:16:49 jang frankm: what's the issue again?
14:16:50 em ok, danbri so noted
14:16:57 gk NCName
14:16:58 gk ::=
14:16:58 gk (Letter | '_') (NCNameChar)*
14:16:58 gk An XML Name, minus the ":" */
14:16:59 em agenda +Namespace 1.1
14:17:00 Zakim * Zakim notes agendum 13 added
14:17:00 jang jjc: test case sent to wg the other day... just looking
for it
14:17:30 jang daveb: the issue is that xml id and rdf id take
different sets of characters
14:17:33 jang they shold be the same
14:17:39 jang then xml schema can validate it
14:17:44 jang em: objections?
14:17:58 danbri re aggendum 13, see Namespaces 1.1 LC plan:
W3C Member passwd)
14:18:07 jang decision: this is obvious, we should do this?
14:18:32 jang jjc points to message 0148 from this month
14:19:24 DaveB xml id and rdf id in the syntax take differetn set of
charcater
14:19:30 DaveB I propose that we make them the same
14:19:39 DaveB and then we can use w3x xsl to validate it.
14:20:00 jang mike: issues with some tools: ids can't begin with numbers?
14:20:06 jang currently allowed by rdf, not xml
14:20:11 jang daveb: that's the change
14:20:28 jang miked: rdf is becoming more restrictive here, right?
14:20:32 jjcscribe mike: rdf is becoming more restrictive
14:20:53 jjcscribe consider ssn or zip code
14:21:05 connolly * connolly thought rdf IDs had to start with letters
all along
14:21:16 em q+
14:21:17 Zakim * Zakim sees Em on the speaker queue
14:22:22 DaveB connolly: was ambiguous, as jjc explaining on the telcon
14:22:28 DaveB can't find ptrs to more just this sec
14:22:50 jjcscribe Abstentions: miked
14:23:00 jjcscribe Proposal carried.
14:23:10 jjcscribe ACTION jjc update test case
14:23:15 connolly * connolly thinks it's kinda silly, not to mention
very painful, that XML IDs have to start with letters
14:23:24 DaveB (jjc: can you split test cases so one thing tested
rather than two?)
14:23:41 jjcscribe ACTION dave update syntax
14:23:53 mdean mdean has joined #rdfcore
14:23:54 connolly * connolly wonders what proposal carried
14:23:57 JosD JosD has joined #rdfcore
14:24:14 jjcscribe ACTION jjc include test case with numeric ID
14:24:20 DaveB connolly: the three lines I typed higher up "xml id
..." up to "validate it"
14:24:21 gk * gk DanC: proposal to limit RDF IDs to same form as XML
IDs, I think
14:24:54 jang item 7b
14:25:03 jang jjc has simple proposal for rdf:node
14:25:09 jang doesn't address all aspect sof the syntax
14:25:18 connolly * connolly is happy to see the coin officially
flipped, for IDs
14:25:21 jang but it solves the bulk of the roundtripping problem
14:25:28 jang a number of choicepoints highlighted in the email...
14:25:35 jang ..we could discuss those here... chair?
14:25:46 jang em: want to get this finished.
14:25:56 jang that being said, don't know if people consider this a
no-brainer
14:26:08 jang one choice-point seems obvious, the rest less so
14:26:28 jang chair's position was not to reopen at this time, but if
a slam-0dunk then reopen and finish it
14:26:31 danbri this= rdf:node idea?
14:26:33 jang is this a slam dunk?
14:26:37 DaveB yes
14:26:38 jang yes
14:26:45 jang (yes to danbri)
14:26:48 DaveB (not agreeing, replying to danbri)
14:26:57 danbri * danbri nods, just checking
14:27:02 jang jjc: there is a proposal
14:27:06 danbri * danbri tring to fix www-rdf-comments mail thing for jang
14:27:09 jang which is moderately long but is complete, I think
14:27:23 jang that we add the file-scope identifier for a blank node
as an attribute
14:27:33 jang we can label subject or object with such an attribute.
14:27:39 jang that's about it
14:27:44 em danbri, please do not deal with the comments thing -
please focus on the meeting at hand
14:27:44 danbri (rdf:node is what rdf:ID should've been)
14:27:49 jang em: comments?
14:27:53 danbri * danbri done
14:28:02 jang frank: question: concerning the use of xml strings as
blank-node identifiers?
14:28:16 jang jjc: i could have been more restrictive tthan just @xml
strings@
14:28:32 jang daveb; coincidentally, the ntriples IDs are also xml ids
14:28:46 jang frank: how do you distinguish it as a blank node id?
14:28:53 jang danbri: a new attribute for it
14:29:15 jang daveb: shouldn't look like a uri
14:29:25 jang should look like rdf:id
14:29:33 jang jjc: ntriples is us-ascii,
14:29:42 jang we should allow id's as e-acute, etc.
14:29:55 jang danbri: ntriples is just a test format
14:30:10 jang jjc: there's no reason why these have _anything_ to do
with ntriples identifiers
14:30:18 jang it's just another syntax
14:30:30 jang if the id's don't survive roundtripping because they
just label a blank node...
14:30:36 jang not a problem
14:30:44 jang em: what's the risk if we don't have this?
14:30:57 jang jjc: there are real users who really want to write
rdf/xml that they've read in
14:31:03 jang in a programmatic sense
14:31:16 jang and at some point they need blank node ids to do that in
certain circumstances
14:31:24 jang if they assign a uri then the meaning has changed
14:31:31 jang they might do something nonstandard
14:31:44 jang in jena, we're feeling increasing pressure to do
something nonstandard
14:31:50 jang which we'd rather not do
14:32:09 jang danbri: ntriples are increasingly attractive because
they're the only roundtrippable format
14:32:23 jang jjc: if we don't do this then the user community is
being effectively forced to use ntriples
14:32:29 jang even though we don't endorse it
14:32:30 danbri zakim, q+ rdf:node
14:32:31 Zakim I see Em, Rdf:node on the speaker queue
14:32:34 danbri doh
14:32:39 em ack em
14:32:40 Zakim * Zakim sees Rdf:node on the speaker queue
14:32:40 danbri zakim, q- rdf:node
14:32:41 Zakim I see no one on the speaker queue
14:32:42 jang \frank: the roundtripping is rdf/xml - somehitng, -
rdf/xml
14:32:49 danbri zakim, q+
14:32:50 Zakim I see Danbri on the speaker queue
14:33:05 jang I want to read rdfxml, store it, generate it
14:33:13 jang if blank node ids are allowed to look like uris?
14:33:29 jang what i have to do (i think) is adopt some nonstandard
approach to store these?
14:33:38 jang danbri: it's inside your db implementation
14:33:42 gk If we adopt them, I think graph-scope IDs should be
limited to N-triple allowed form, I18N not needed because its a machine
notion, not human-readable. This seems simplest effective approach.
14:33:50 jang jjc: jena has effectively a bit on every resource
indicating the label type
14:34:40 jang danbri: have same syntactic constraints as we do on rdf:id
14:34:50 jang there are few things I've really cared about as an
implementor
14:34:54 jang this is one of those
14:34:57 gk I think the compelling case for this feature is to provide
applications a standard way to communicate arbitrary graphs.
14:34:59 jang I can load, query, merge, etc. rdf
14:35:03 jang but I can't dump it back as a file
14:35:09 jang it's honestly embarrassing
14:35:35 jang em: unless we standardise ntriples, with i18n etc. this
kind of mechanism is necessary
14:35:38 DaveB maybe rdf:nodeID ?
14:35:42 jang (yesses )
14:35:45 danbri yes, I like rdf:nodeID
14:35:56 jang em: I like danbri's suggestion of synchronising with rdf:id
14:36:01 danbri This is really the continuation of our cleanup re
anonymous/blank resources.
14:36:07 jang jjc: I'm happy with node id
14:36:17 gk q+
14:36:19 Zakim * Zakim sees Danbri, Gk on the speaker queue
14:36:27 jang then we restrict to string syntax of rdf:id (= xml:id)
14:36:28 jjcscribe rdf:nodeID
14:36:39 jang daveb: frank - much rewriting on the primer?
14:36:45 jang frank: er, there will be some...
14:36:57 jang I'd like a clear explanation of what the change is...
14:37:05 jang in particular, what these node ids are going to look like
14:37:15 jang em: premature, i think ,without that being written up
14:37:24 connolly er... nodeID and nodeRef? or do you use nodeID in
both places? note you can't use rdf:resource to refer to these things.
14:37:28 jang davbe: isn't that's jjc's proposal plus the amendments
we're discussing?
14:37:33 DaveB connolly: rdf:nodeID in both
14:37:36 connolly ew
14:37:48 em -
14:37:49 connolly oh well
14:37:51 gk * gk DanC, I think that's a remaining choice point that I
am queued to raise
14:37:56 DaveB haven't decided yet DanC
14:38:07 connolly connolly is now known as DanC
14:38:25 jang (quick rummage through mailing lists...)
14:38:39 jang frankm: this doesn't mention what's in the primer about
blank nodes
14:38:56 jang because we're talking about generating those ids, not
explicitly identifying them
14:39:01 em * em wonders who is taking the call in the playground?
14:39:11 jang jjc: the proposal is that the blank nodes remain blank
14:39:24 jang we just want to allow a file to refer to the same blank
node in two places\
14:39:40 jang there's some push to allow blank nodes with a @global@
scope identifier. that's _not_ the proposal
14:39:55 jjcscribe the playground is me ...
14:40:00 jang frankm: you're being allowed to explicitly specify an id
for a blank node
14:40:02 jang right?
14:40:13 jang secondly: are you always required to specify an id for a
blank node?
14:40:24 jang or are the current syntactic abbrevs still allowed?
14:40:35 danbri hmm, rdf:nodeID seems ok for having something to point
to. But how (re dan's questoin) do we point to it?
14:40:52 em q?
14:40:53 Zakim * Zakim sees Danbri, Gk on the speaker queue
14:40:58 danbri q-
14:40:59 DaveB I don't mind, rdf:resourceID/resourceRef - hmm
14:40:59 Zakim * Zakim sees Gk on the speaker queue
14:41:15 em ack gk
14:41:16 Zakim * Zakim sees no one on the speaker queue
14:41:18 jang jjc: second question: the answer is not required
14:41:31 jang jang: first question: no suggestion that blank node id
-strings_ survive a roundtripping
14:41:43 danbri The proposal doesn't mention resourceID or similar; is
the proposal incomplete?
14:41:56 jang gk: jjc's said it's not necessary to have different
names for rdf:nodeid and rdf:nodeidref
14:42:06 jang but is it worth having two attributes for subject and
object?
14:42:21 jang jjc: the proposal is to use the same attribute twice
14:42:49 jang danbri; I've often wished rdf:about and rdf:resouce were
just rdf:webid
14:42:57 jang jjc: it makes the striping easier to see
14:43:08 jang taking the opposite viewpoint is maybe perverse...?
14:43:12 danbri I like it.
14:43:19 jang gk; both work technically, just from a pedagogical pov,
which is better?
14:43:28 jang nodeid and nodeidref work for me (gk)
14:43:31 DaveB gk mentions rdf:nodeIDref
14:43:32 DaveB oh
14:43:43 jang jjc: my muse deserted me, i only came up with one name
14:44:35 jang (the "bnode" terminology is almost resurrected... but not)
14:44:52 jang em: is the view of the group this is (a) important, and
(b) this is the way to do it?
14:45:01 jang decisions in then to get this into the spec, right?
14:45:16 jang em: this puts timescales at risk, so if we can agree...
14:45:20 jang and I think we have...
14:45:25 jang let's make the decision now, ok?
14:45:35 jang otherwise, this is no longer a slam-dunk
14:45:41 jang (frank: it's a three-point-shot)
14:45:55 jang jjc: my full resolution of msg 0080
14:45:59 jang with node replaced by nodeid
14:46:10 jang and nodeid attr value the same restrictions as rdf:id
attr value?
14:46:37 jang that should be rdf:nodeID
14:46:40 gk Do we have separate attribute for subj/obj?
14:46:43 DaveB no
14:47:00 jang jjc: personally, I prefer not
14:47:04 jang danbri: not
14:47:37 jang mike: symmetry argument?
14:47:42 jang with resource, about?
14:48:20 jang jjc asks for suggestions.. nodeabout, noderef, bid,
babout, etc.
14:48:28 jang none meet with much agreement
14:48:39 jang s/much/any
14:49:08 jang em: stick with one. it'll hurt, but big payoff
14:49:14 jang with two, hurts much more for the same benefit
14:49:51 em zakim, who is here?
14:49:52 Zakim On the phone I see EricM, ??P3, Manola, GK, DanBri,
Jjc, ??P12, Mike_Dean, ??P15
14:49:53 Zakim On IRC I see JosD, mdean, jjcscribe, DanC, gk, jang,
DaveB, danbri, RRSAgent, Zakim, em, logger_1
14:50:03 jang yesses to the revised proposal above...
14:50:09 jang em asks for no's?
14:50:12 jang abstentions?
14:50:19 jang none and none, respectively
14:50:35 jang agreement. congrats, jeremy.
14:50:45 jang (the actions are in the resolution...)
14:50:57 jang action: daveb to update syntax doc to reflect nodeID
14:51:04 jang action: jjc to produce test cases
14:51:08 jang (on nodeID)
14:51:21 jang action daveB to update syntax to bring rdfid into line
with xmlid
14:51:31 gk See:
14:51:37 jang [want to scribe again jjc?]
14:51:52 jjcscribe action daveB to update rdfms-names-use to reflect
rdf:nodeID
14:53:03 Zakim Zakim has quit
14:53:22 jjcscribe Graham talks through new doc.
14:53:36 jjcscribe em: the section 2.3 needs activ review
14:53:52 jjcscribe (next agenda item)
14:54:29 jjcscribe Where Dave has suggested pointing to syntax doc we
will,
14:54:40 jjcscribe but unclear exactly where
14:54:48 jang [note: could do with this living somewhere under
w3-space so that TC doc can refer to it normatively... in the near future]
14:55:07 jjcscribe Section 4.2 fragment IDs is new material that needs
atcive WG agreement
14:56:00 danbri
points to a 404
14:56:04 jang [unavailable for review, out of the country next week,
sorry]
14:56:47 DaveB I asked gk to post to www-archive, should be a copy there
14:57:05 jjcscribe Isn't that done?
14:57:19 danbri * danbri thought he saw something there, yup
14:57:24 jjcscribe em: is this ready to go out as a WD?
14:57:31 jjcscribe gk: yes, jjc: nearly
14:57:39 DaveB gk's doc -
14:57:44 DaveB gk/jjc's 25/ july doc
14:57:50 danbri (beat me to it, ta)
14:58:15 DaveB q+
14:58:22 jjcscribe ACTION gk release doc on Tuesday
14:58:26 DaveB hmm, no Zakim - nevermind
14:58:52 jjcscribe who can review this for Friday?
14:58:52 Zakim Zakim has joined #rdfcore
14:59:07 danbri I re-invited Zakim; don't know why it left, or whether
it lost state.
14:59:10 danbri zakim, who is here?
14:59:11 Zakim sorry, danbri, I don't know what conference this is
14:59:12 Zakim On IRC I see Zakim, JosD, mdean, jjcscribe, DanC, gk,
jang, DaveB, danbri, RRSAgent, em, logger_1
14:59:24 gk BTW, proposed title: Miscellanea and Abstract Data Model
14:59:38 jang RDF MADM?
15:00:09 em q?
15:00:10 Zakim * Zakim sees no one on the speaker queue
15:00:25 jjcscribe DaveB has pretty much reviewed it.
15:00:39 jjcscribe Are there two more?
15:00:47 jang [needs rdf:nodeID in section 3.7]
15:00:48 jjcscribe ACTION ericm Review document.
15:01:14 jjcscribe 3.7 could be in syntax doc?
15:01:24 jjcscribe ACTION danbri Review document.
15:01:33 jang yep
15:01:50 danbri (noting that I'm not 100% confident I'll manage it,
but want to and will try my best to...)
15:02:02 DaveB em: timecheck
15:03:02 jjcscribe ACTION jos Partial review (emphasis on section 2.3)
15:03:13 jjcscribe ACTION danbri Review of section 2.3
15:03:26 danbri ie.
15:03:53 jjcscribe ACTION ericm Solicit reviews on rdf-core wg
15:04:03 jjcscribe ACTION frank Review section 2.3
15:05:35 jjcscribe em: last call scheculde - problem is datatypes.
15:07:20 jang bye folks, thanks.
15:07:28 jjcscribe Possible theme for next week is datatypes.
15:07:35 jjcscribe adjourned.
15:07:51 jang jang has quit
15:07:59 gk DaveB, can you point me to vocab list in syntax doc pls?
15:08:10 DaveB hold on
15:09:36 gk Ta .. (I lose track of where to find the latest working
version)
15:10:00 mdean mdean has quit
15:10:12 gk zakim, who is her5e?
15:10:13 Zakim I don't understand your question, gk.
15:10:16 gk zakim, who is here?
15:10:17 Zakim sorry, gk, I don't know what conference this is
15:10:18 Zakim On IRC I see Zakim, JosD, jjcscribe, DanC, gk, DaveB,
danbri, RRSAgent, em, logger_1
15:10:43 danbri zakim loststate when dropped off channel.
15:10:52 danbri anyone know what happend?
15:11:54 DaveB 3.4
15:11:58 DaveB is where rdf namespace defined
15:12:00 DaveB and has all the terms
15:12:10 DaveB in the editor's draft, there are expansions and updates
15:13:58 DaveB editor's draft version
15:14:09 DaveB with collection stuff - first, rest, nil
15:15:36 DaveB end of chat
15:15:38 DaveB DaveB has quit
15:18:06 JosD JosD has quit
15:23:06 DanC DanC has left #rdfcore
15:25:40 gk gk has quit
I note that there seems to be two missing actions that were implicit but
not agreed at the telecon.
ACTION gk Propose another title for new document.
ACTION ericm Ask for director approval for publishing new document.
Do we need these?
(If we need the second, then I suspect we need the first, with a
consensus step that needs e-mail acks).
Jeremy
My current working suggestion is:
Resource Description Framework (RDF):
Miscellanea and Abstract Data Model
#g
Graham Klyne
"Miscellanea"? Rhymes with "mania"! NO! AGAINST!
GAG! Other expressions of opposition as required!
(I thought Pot was illegal over there.)
--Frank
(mumble)
Frank Manola The MITRE Corporation
202 Burlington Road, MS A345 Bedford, MA 01730-1420
It's being reclassified as "Class C".
Politicians point out that this is *not* de facto legalization.
(If they need to say it, some might say that the opposite must be true).
Jeremy
OK, that wasn't a great word. Do you have any other ideas that adequately
reflect that this document does contain significant material in addition to
the abstract data model?
Currently, we're favouring:
Resource Description Framework (RDF):
Concepts and Abstract Data Model
#g
Graham Klyne
