Minutes from the meeting are now available off our WG page. Please let me
know if you believe something is not accurately reflected. Many thanks to
Peter Lipp for a nice job -- not too little, not too much, just right!
[1]XML Digital Signatures WG Meeting 99/07/12-13
All the slides presented by any presenter are available from the WG's
website - only relevant discussion is noted
here.
* [2]Reagle's Slides [[3]Notes]
* Brown's Presentation (Similar to [4]workshop).
* Fox and Solo's proposal (Will be posted to list shortly).
Resulting Action Items:
* Working Group Members to review comment
(http://www.ietf.org/internet-drafts/draft-ietf-xmldsig-signature-
comments-00.txt)
* Don Eastlake/Joseph Reagle to propose a time for conference calls
within a week
* Don Eastlake to fix date and place for face to face meeting
* Joseph Reagle produce another version of requirements document
based on comments for consensus poll within 1.5 weeks.
* Joseph Reagle to define how many documents are required and
author/editor policy within 1.5 weeks.
* Working Group Members to review canonicalization document when
posted in two weeks.
* Dave Solo to post Solo/Fox proposal
Date:
July 12 1999
Notes Author:
Peter Lipp (tweaked and HTMLized by Reagle)
1.AGENDA BASHING (5M)
No discussion.
2.JOINT WORKING GROUP STATUS (10M)
This was the first meeting of the first joint W3C/IETF WG. Joseph
Reagle (JR) and Don Eastlake (DE) presented
the "history" of this WG. From the process point of view, regular
conference calls are planned besides meetings at
the IETF's and someplace in September.
Paul Hoffman (PH): are those Conference and Meetings calls design or
process meetings?
DE: Conf.Calls for status and ad-hoc technical discussions, face to
face for substantial work. But WG can decide.
3.REQUIREMENTS (45M)
Joseph presents requirements document.
Mary-Ellen Zurko: what is meant by validity of a signature: valid now
or court-validity.
David Solo (DS): this is external to the draft.
Semantics: only simple meaning - no trust semantics. Extensibility.
Bob Blakeley: is concerned about the semantics extension mechanism.
Those have to be protected too.
JR: reason to push semantics out of scope: let other people define
semantics.
Paul Lambert (PL): concurs, push semantics off even further,
concentrate on crypto-validity and make sure we do
this all the way correctly.
No specification of serialization or canonicalization:
DE: necessary for interoperability. Need not too many of them, but not
exactly one at least. Extensibility necessary and useful.
Eric Rescorla (ER): options confuse security semantics.
DE: canonicalizers can also remove information. NULL-canonicalizer
will also be useful.
DS: 2 places for canonicalization: canonicalization of the structure
we create, canonicalization of the resources.
Different. Canonicalization ensures: (a) given valid XML-document -
produce single strong-representation (b) defer
unique string-encoding for semantic value represenation.
Bob Blakeley: Canonicalization algorithm must not be able to
manipulate content. NULL is fine, others might not
be. Constraints required - guidelines.
ER: Canonicalization algorithm must be included into the signature.
XLink: JR: XPointer provides for alot of ambiguity.
PH: be explicit about if the thing some XLink points to is included
within the signature or not. Ambiguity!
ER: Iffy proposition to allow different Canonicalization-Algorithms
with different security properties. Users don't
see the difference - see key-symbol in Netscape for SSL. Programmers
make mistakes like that too.
DS: suggest to profile XML for use in browser to restricted choices
but not generically. Application problem.
PH: profile XLink/XPointer is fine, XPointer itself too generic
Implementation Philosophy
JR: do you want OID's? DS: unambiguous way to say what we mean (either
URN or OID)
Ryan Boats ATT (sp?): Michael Meally, NSI has done some work on URN's
for OID's
Crypto:
Specify a few mandatory algorithms for interoperability
PL: why have key exchanges and push of encryption? Controversial
requirements
Richard Brown (RB): no redefinition of these schemes. If people use
DH-credentials they shall be able to use it (also
for other symmetric stuff)
PL: different properties for different algorithms. This is a slippery
slope, maybe better move into separate
documents.
DE: gets nervous by hearing "management" or "negotiation". Just by
allowing secret keys - maybe call it something
else than a signature.
RB: we need to provide people with a solution, like UOTP has symmetric
stuff in the first proposal.
PL: the diversion of validity and trust is not clear yet. Be careful!
Discussion about inconsistencies of info within a BLOB (such as CMS)
within an XML-signature and info within
the XML-structure deferred until a better understanding is aquired.
Christopher Smithies: points out importance of packaging all necessary
info (intention, time, id, signature) which is
what products by Penop do. Worth while replicating some of that info
in the outside structure.
Coordination
PH points out the importance of internationalization issues and
coordination with the internationalization WG
4.SIGNATURE SYNTAX (45M)
JR: Brown-Draft not a product of the WG, but possible to get there.
RB presents his proposal.
Bob Smart: is there an option to put in the public key or only a
reference to it using the DN?
RB: Not bound to that. Originator info might offer different ways. One
common way needed.
Denis Pinkas: can attribute certificates be included?
RB: could be accomodated within the credentials within the originator
information section.
Denis Pinkas: no provision to support non-repudiation (e.g. include
timestamp)
RB: not part of spec because not necessarily part of signature
process.
JR: we don't support non-repudiation
DS: we neither support nor not support it.
Stefek Zaba: incorporation by reference - what if hash of resource
does not verify?
RB: application level problem, signature verifier verifies only
manifest signature
SZ: this needs to go into the draft
Presentation of an evolutionary, non-counter-proposal by DS (co-edited
with Barb Fox)
No attributes within that proposal.
DE: how to stop people from putting attributes within the resources?
DS: we don't want to stop them. An attribute is just a resource -
uniform syntax.
[Reagle: later, we may wish to create restrictions as to the type of
"invasive" semantics people can introduce using namespaces.]
ER: what would you specify from the hash standpoint?
DE: calculation of the hash of the manifest. Calc of hash of resource
is resource-dependent. Signature validator logic
never verifies that
PL: we need to touch on semantics. Multiple signatures could be
interpreted in different ways. Must be described
well to know what it means.
5.FIRST CONSIDERATION OF CONFERENCE CALLS AND SEPTEMBER
FACE TO FACE MEETING (5M)
DS: potential partitioning of the problem-space might influence that
decision.
DE: suggest a meeting on the west coast for geographic diversity.
Meeting adjourned.
Date:
July 13th 1999
Notes Author:
Peter Lipp (tweaked and HTMLized by Reagle)
Syntax
DS presents a slide sketching a more formal version of an alternative
syntax proposal.
Open problems are
* whether to allow a bag of attributes as part of ressources and
signature block
* keying info; could contain certificates and references to them,
symmetric key id's, key agreement exchanges etc.
Proposal will be summarized and sent to the list.
Q: David Burdette: should there be defaults like a default hash or
canonicalizer for all ressources to avoid repetition?
ER: saving a few bytes not worth it
Chr. Smithies: how to make clear what was within the original document
and what has been added during the signature process
DE: Semantics could go into the attributes
JR: no, semantics of signatures are statements and should go into the
resources. [Reagle hindsight clarification: properties of the
signature of the signature itself can be considered properties, but
the manifest attributes are a resource themself.]
Michael Myers: should the keyinfo be a subsection of the document or
separate document(s)
DS: not sorted out yet
ER: is one-pass processing planned? Would be a nice feature
DS: not sorted out yet
RB points out that removing attributes from this proposal we would end
up with something quite similar to the current specification
DE: open question if users should be able to insert arbitrary
attributes
Don Smith: reminds us of things we went through in PKIX; lets have
something where people can put in things otherwise those will come up
later anyway. Poll: no oponents.
Canonicalization
Joseph presents draft of W3C-XML group (not publicly available at this
time).
Comments to the list.
Logistics
Roughly 16 people would come to a September meeting. Offers available
from Micrsoft and UC-Irvine. Suggestion Aug 30/31.
Conference Calls every other week, starting in week 30.
RB points out that there is a separate comment document, input on this
sought.
References
1. http://www.w3.org/Signature
2. http://www.w3.org/Talks/1999/0712-ietf45/
3. http://www.w3.org/Talks/1999/0712-ietf45/all.htm
4. http://www.w3.org/DSig/signed-XML99/present/brown.ppt
Joseph Reagle Jr.
Policy Analyst mailto:reagle@w3.org
XML-Signature Co-Chair http://w3.org/People/Reagle/
It's always fun to see which culture will dominate the other in each aspect
of this working group. The minutes are clearly in W3C style. I'd like to
put in a plea for IETF style minutes in the future. W3C style is to capture
detailed though sketchy notes. IETF style is to produce short readable
paragraphs that convey the essence of that part of the meeting. As much as
I enjoy seeing my name in lights in the former style, I would prefer the
time-savings and clear communications of the latter style.
Mez
I think it depends more on the individual who takes the minutes. WGs usually
have between zero and one volunteers. Feel free to volunteer yourself the next
meeting you are at if you would like a different style of minutes.
Thanks,
Donald
Donald E. Eastlake, 3rd
17 Skyline Drive, Hawthorne, NY 10532 USA
home: 65 Shindegan Hill Road, RR#1, Carmel, NY 10512 USA
Mary_Ellen_Zurko@iris.com on 07/21/99 09:19:34 AM
Subject: Re: Minutes from FTF 99/07/12-13
It's always fun to see which culture will dominate the other in each aspect
of this working group. The minutes are clearly in W3C style. I'd like to
put in a plea for IETF style minutes in the future. W3C style is to capture
detailed though sketchy notes. IETF style is to produce short readable
paragraphs that convey the essence of that part of the meeting. As much as
I enjoy seeing my name in lights in the former style, I would prefer the
time-savings and clear communications of the latter style.
Mez
You realized you've just nominated yourself as scribe at the next FTF you
attend, yes?! smile As already stated I rather like the notes, first they
clearly state resulting action items, and they give a sense of the issue,
who participated in that discussion, and what the general direction/closure
of the issue was. I see the goal of the minutes as a record of consideration
if/when those issues come back up again. Regardless, it is often nice to
provide a succinct paragraph level summary of what happened. I prepared such
a summary [1] from the Workshop notes which are quite large. [2] But this
can be a lot of work, and as Donald says we have to do the best with what
resources we have.
Regardless, can you point me to a good example of IETF style notes?
[1] http://www.w3.org/DSig/signed-XML99/summary.html
[2] http://www.w3.org/DSig/signed-XML99/notes.html
Joseph Reagle Jr.
Policy Analyst mailto:reagle@w3.org
XML-Signature Co-Chair http://w3.org/People/Reagle/
I thought about that, and due to the diversity and shortness of individual
discussions and lack of agreement on anything substantial by the WG and
furthermore by my ability to condense this into short - and meaningful -
paragraphs, I chose deliberately to do it the way I did.
Peter
I'm sorry if I insulted anybody or anything. If you think the minutes
should convey information to people who aren't there, then I'd think
paragraphs would be helpful. But if they're just there as a tickler for
participants, then I suppose you're right; I felt reminded too. Both CAT
and PKIX do minutes that often make sense to me even when I'm not there.
Here's the pointer for PKIX
http://www.imc.org/ietf-pkix/mail-archive/msg04948.html . Clearly I've
just been lucky if Don indicates that's not the norm for IETF. Yes, I see
that I need to put up or shut up on this area, next time I'm in a Face To
Face for this WG.
Again, I apoligize if I insulted people.
Mez
I don't think you insulted anyone and it turns out there actually is a vague
standard for IETF minutes, at least for those submitted for the proceedings,
which is at
Thanks,
Donald
Donald E. Eastlake, 3rd
17 Skyline Drive, Hawthorne, NY 10532 USA
home: 65 Shindegan Hill Road, RR#1, Carmel, NY 10512 USA
Mary_Ellen_Zurko@iris.com on 07/21/99 12:37:30 PM
Subject: Re: Minutes from FTF 99/07/12-13
I'm sorry if I insulted anybody or anything. If you think the minutes
should convey information to people who aren't there, then I'd think
paragraphs would be helpful. But if they're just there as a tickler for
participants, then I suppose you're right; I felt reminded too. Both CAT
and PKIX do minutes that often make sense to me even when I'm not there.
Here's the pointer for PKIX
http://www.imc.org/ietf-pkix/mail-archive/msg04948.html . Clearly I've
just been lucky if Don indicates that's not the norm for IETF. Yes, I see
that I need to put up or shut up on this area, next time I'm in a Face To
Face for this WG.
Again, I apoligize if I insulted people.
Mez
