<s> RDFCore WG minutes for the telecon 2002-03-15  </s>
<s> Transcript: Agenda: Roll call - Participants: Participants: - Dave Beckett - Jeremey Carroll - Ron Daniel - Mike Dean - Jos De Roo - Jan Grant (scribe) - Pat Hayes - Martin Horner - Graham Klyne - Frank Manola - Brian McBride (chair) - Eric Miller - Patrick Stickler - Aaron Swartz (Mark Butler also present from HP labs as an observer of W3 telecon best practice :-) Regrets: Dan Brickley, Dan Connolly, Sergei Melnik, Steve Petschulat Absent: Frank Boumphrey, Bill dehOra, Rael Dornfest, Yoshiyuki Kitahara, Michael Kopchenov, Kwon Hyung-Jin, Ora Lassila, Satoshi Nakamura, Pierre Richard, Guha Review agenda - Eric tabled AOB (to discuss move of irc service, see below) Next telecon - Same time, 10am Boston time, 22 March 2002 (NOT 29th as in agenda) Last week's minutes - APPROVED Confirm status of completed actions - ALL CONFIRMED.  </s>
<s> Item 8: June F2F The next F2F will be in June, 17/18th in Bristol (UK).  </s>
<s> Venue to be negotiated between ILRT and HP. Item 9: Status of primer WD After a brief diversion on the semantics of "publish"... APPROVED (no dissent): the WG approved the publishing of the current primer as a working draft.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-03-15#1 (em) to drive this process.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-03-15#2 (frankm) to sign up to rdf-comment mailing list (address to which feedback will be solicited)  </s>
<s> Item 10: Open E-Book forum Patrick Stickler gave some more information about Open E-Book; in particular, that they are going to be using RDF as the basis for their packaging format; they're currently looking at using RDF for their core metadata encoding.  </s>
<s> Pat S' email about the packaging format: And more information: Item 11: XML Base test cases The initial proposal was to approve these, as per modifications here: DaveB and Jos both indicated that test017 and error001 were still unclear.  </s>
<s> (But test017 wasn't crucial to this case) APPROVED: the WG accepted tests 1-16.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-03-15#3 (jang) update test cases to reflect approval (this action applies to the approval of items 12 and 13 too) ACTION 2002-03-15#4 (bwm) arrange resolution of test017 and error001 Item 12: Issue rdfms-not-id-and-resource-attr Review test cases at DaveB and Jos both said these looked OK. APPROVED (no dissent): the WG accepts these test cases.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-03-15#3 (jang) update test cases to reflect approval Item 13: Issue rdfms-nested-bagID Review test cases at: DaveB: (IIRC) these were OK; Jos: happy too.  </s>
<s> APPROVED (no dissent): the WG approves these test cases.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-03-15#3 (jang) update test cases to reflect approval Item 14: Updated n-triples notation for literals See: Jos indicated that his N3/ntriples parser was having trouble with the changes.  </s>
<s> DaveB indicated that he'd rather move on and then come back to revise the syntax if necessary; was eager for progress.  </s>
<s> APPROVED: the WG approved Dave's suggestion.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-03-15#5 (daveb) to go ahead with current format, to use with any new fancy literals in test cases Item 15: Datatypes Jeremy indicated that I18N people were somewhat divided on the language/locale issue; they're all looking for guidance, however.  </s>
<s> PatH indicated that if the only DTing mechanism was a constraint on lexical forms, there would be "howls of protest" (including his).  </s>
<s> There was some agreement with this.  </s>
<s> Brian asked if there were compelling use cases to establish the need for a better mechanism.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-03-15#6 (pat h) to integrate Pat S' XML examples into his document ACTION 2002-03-15#7 (pat h) remove references to octal, different language representations Discussion of Jeremy's entailment to be taken to email.  </s>
<s> Item 16: Contexts, quoting, unasserted triples PatH: the "next" language (OWL) has problems layering on top of RDF.  </s>
<s> We could vastly alleviate these problems by allowing collections of triples to exist as part of a graph, but not asserted.  </s>
<s> That is, to stick them in some sort of "contextual bubble".  </s>
<s> Discussion followed on reasons to do this.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-03-15#8 (pat h) write up this simple proposal in email FrankM also insisted that we show strong willingness to work with people to resolve this; the emphasis on "work with" - ie, sit down and talk in detail about it.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-03-15#8 (bwm) to figure out a way to get webont knowing that we want to cooperate [action quoted verbatim from transcript] Item 17: Issue rdfms-xml-literal-namespaces The discussion was based around the following set of proposals: - the exact form of the string value corresponding to any given XML Literal within RDF/XML is implementation dependent.  </s>
<s> - the string value is well-balanced XML - taking the exclusive canonicalization of both the original XML Literal in its containing document, and the string value of the literal produce the same character string.  </s>
<s> This will be used as the basis for test cases.  </s>
<s> - the canonicalization above is without comments Jeremy stressed that CONFORMANCE should be tested without comments; dropping comments was NOT mandatory.  </s>
<s> - this issue is closed - to raise a comment on the XQuery/XPath 2.0 data model that it does not adequately address the handling of namespace prefixes appearing in attribute values.  </s>
<s> There was no disagreement to this set of proposals.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-03-15#9 (jeremy) raise a comment on xquery/xpath about corner case on behalf of rdfcore The meeting was cut short due to a lack of time, but the WG discussed Eric's AOB.  </s>
<s> AOB: Move rdfcore discussion to W3C server.  </s>
<s> Eric outlined that the W3C server would serve just as well and would permit the delegation of some administrivia to Zakim, the new bridge.  </s>
<s> Thus: starting next week, the IRC meeting point for rdfcore will be #rdfcore at irc.w3.org, port 6665 [NB: not the default port!] DaveB will continue to provide logs of discussion.  </s>
<s> #rdfig will remain on openprojects.net  </s>
<s> jan grant, ILRT, University of Bristol.  </s>
<s> http://www.ilrt.bris.ac.uk/  </s>
<s> Unfortunately, I have a very good idea how fast my keys are moving.  </s>
<s> This action is completed.  </s>
<s> BTW, for the benefit of anyone else who wants to sign up to rdf-comments, the instructions for joining the list included in and pointed to from the list archives page at The instructions say:  </s>
<s> Subscription requests to automatically receive postings sent to this list may be sent to www-rdf-comments-request@w3.org; include the word 'subscribe' in the body of the message.  </s>
<s> Rather, put the word "subscribe" in the *subject* of the request, cf --Frank  </s>
<s> snip  </s>
<s> Frank Manola The MITRE Corporation 202 Burlington Road, MS A345 Bedford, MA 01730-1420  </s>
<s> Some of the action id's are duplicated.  </s>
<s> I've straightened them out in my action list; just put them in numerical order of occurrence.  </s>
<s> Item 17: Issue rdfms-xml-literal-namespaces As I recall, the proposal was approved.  </s>
<s> Brian  </s>
