<s> I will put together the Agenda for the Atlanta meeting.  </s>
<s> Here's some issues that should be discussed.  </s>
<s> Volunteers are *really needed* ( to  </s>
<s> drive discussion on their selected topic) this meeting as I'm *really  </s>
<s> swamped* myself!  </s>
<s> RFC2518bis - Proposals for client forcing server auth challenge - Ilya? - Required support for ETags - If header evaluation/simplification proposals &amp; compatibility - Geoff?  </s>
<s> Other drafts - quota draft - Binding issues coming up on DL  </s>
<s> - allprop/include draft  </s>
<s> Other issues  </s>
<s> - Impact of XML namespace changes -- Julian?  </s>
<s> - ACL submission status I'm sure I've missed items so let me know.  </s>
<s> --Lisa Please start sending your group meetings' agendas.  </s>
<s> Thanks, Dinara Suleymanova  </s>
<s> Lisa, if you need help/assistance in preparing  </s>
<s> and  </s>
<s> (which should be XML 1.1/ XML namespaces 1.1 changes, right?),  </s>
<s> please let me  </s>
<s> know.  </s>
<s> Julian  </s>
<s> Yes -- I need help not only in preparing these discussions, but also leading them at the WG meeting.  </s>
<s> I understand you won't be able to make it to Atlanta, Julian.  </s>
<s> Is somebody who will be there able to work with Julian on understanding and explaining the XML namespace issues and the allprop Include draft?  </s>
<s> lisa  </s>
<s> From: Julian Reschke [mailto:julian.reschke@gmx.de]  </s>
<s> Sent: Thursday, November 07, 2002 6:36 AM Subject: RE: WG Agendas for the 55th IETF  </s>
<s> to  </s>
<s> *really  </s>
<s> let  </s>
