<s> RDFCore WG 2001-06-22 Teleconference minutes Transcript: Agenda: Roll call: Participants: - Art Barstow  </s>
<s> - Dan Brickley (chair)  </s>
<s> - Brian McBride (chair) - Ron Daniel - Jos De Roo - Mike Dean - Pat Hayes - Graham Klyne - Sergey Melnik - Eric Miller - Stephen Petschulat (scribe) - Aaron Swartz Regrets: Dave Beckett, Dan Connolly, Frank Manola, Bill dehOra, Jan Grant, Martyn Horner Absent: Pierre Richard, R.V. Guha, Ora Lasilla, Frank Boumphrey, Michael Kopchenov, Yoshiyuki Kitahara, Satoshi Nakamura, Rael Dornfest Review Agenda: Someone suggested a discussion on semantics as AOB if time permits Review minutes of the last meeting: with various corrections at Confirm following actions completed: AP: 2001-06-15#1: Brian: Update comment in: DONE.  </s>
<s> AP: 2001-06-15#2: Jan: Review test cases in: DONE.  </s>
<s> AP: 2001-06-15#3: Jan: Write up proposal for RDF embedded in an XML element which has an xml:base attribute should be processed.  </s>
<s> DONE.  </s>
<s> AP: 2001-06-15#4: Brian: Write up a draft partitioning of the problem space DONE.  </s>
<s> Review status of following actions: A4: Guha: re #rdfms-reification-required: Present analaysis to list for discussion.  </s>
<s> POSTPONED (absent).  </s>
<s> ACTION: JUN-01-01-#1: Martyn: create test cases rdfms-resource-semantics POSTPONED (absent).  </s>
<s> ACTION: JUN-01-01-#9: Ora: send a note to the WG that describes how aboutEach is being used and how it was implemented POSTPONED (absent).  </s>
<s> Discussion Items: Partitioning the Problem Space Much discussion on this (see chat log).  </s>
<s> Face to Face Meeting - Goals and Objectives &amp; More Partitioning the Problem Space [These discussion morphed together.  </s>
<s> See chat log for the full story.]  </s>
<s> Brians F2F agenda proposal General agreement we need to define what we want to accomplish in advance, not when we get there.  </s>
<s> Some concern that there is a lot to tackle.  </s>
<s> Concern was expressed about the timing w.r.t the SWWS [1].  </s>
<s> Do we miss a half day of the Symposium or a half day of the WG meeting?  </s>
<s> ACTION: 2001-06-22#1: sergey: Talk to organizers about scheduling of talks.  </s>
<s> A number of people pointed out we need to tackle the core stuff (foundation, big picture, meaty technical issues, etc.) Proposal that three key areas need to be addressed before the meeting: 1. Which issues are in scope?  </s>
<s> 2. What are the partitions?  </s>
<s> 3. What are the dependencies between the issues?  </s>
<s> ACTION: 2001-06-22#2: Brian: Draft up these three points and post to list.  </s>
<s> Eric suggests we all prioritize the issues to focus the group better.  </s>
<s> Dan pointed out there are already partitions laid out in ACTION: 2001-06-22#3: All: Post priorities with reasons ACTION: 2001-06-22#4: Sergey: Summarize priorities that are posted More discussion on partitioning (see chat log).  </s>
<s> Discussion on schema.  </s>
<s> ACTION: 2001-06-22#5: DanBri: Get a draft of RDFSchema to the group.  </s>
<s> ACTION: 2001-06-22#6: DanBri: start activating issues on RDFS The URI for Dan's edits-in-progress WG internal copy is: ACTION: 2001-06-22#7: Brian: Do a writeup of the containers proposal.  </s>
<s> More discussion on the F2F.  </s>
<s> 20-30 people expected to come.  </s>
<s> Issues: Out of time.  </s>
<s> Did not cover any of the ISSUEs listed.  </s>
<s> Date of next meeting: One week, 2001-06-29.  </s>
<s> Same time, same place.  </s>
<s> [1] http://www.semanticweb.org/SWWS/  </s>
<s> Hi Stephen,  </s>
<s> A minor correction, but it probably makes sense to list as "chair" only the person chairing the meeting; this will typing be one of the co-chairs of the WG (ie.  </s>
<s> Brian or myself); more often than not, it'll be Brian.  </s>
<s> In this case it was indeed he.  </s>
<s> I mostly just lurked this week... cheers, Dan  </s>
<s> Thanks Steve for getting these out so promptly.  </s>
<s> One action I think got missed - Graham agreed to update last weeks minutes.  </s>
<s> Brian  </s>
