<s> Up till now we have been using an issue driven process and that has served  </s>
<s> us well, but now that we are down to one open issue, we must change.  </s>
<s> Our  </s>
<s> goal now is drive forward to last call.  </s>
<s> We have been out of time for a while now.  </s>
<s> We have to get done.  </s>
<s> To do that we need to adopt a more  </s>
<s> document focused process aimed at getting each document to last call status.  </s>
<s> I suggest therefore, that each telecon, as well as dealing with any issues arising, choses one or more documents to focus on for that telecon.  </s>
<s> I will be calling on the editors to propose dates when they expect to have their last call candidates ready for review.  </s>
<s> I will be calling on WG members for detailed reviews of the documents to assist the editors in getting them done and out the door.  </s>
<s> Brian  </s>
<s> Which one is that?  </s>
<s> I see a number of issues "for discussion"; in particular,  </s>
<s> Dan Connolly, W3C http://www.w3.org/People/Connolly/  </s>
<s> Datatypes. Issue list needs updating.  </s>
<s> I'm behind.  </s>
<s> Sorry.  </s>
<s> Brian  </s>
<s> Quite allright; but it's news to me that rdfms-assertion is resolved.  </s>
<s> I looked pretty hard for a record of a decision to resolve it, and I couldn't find one.  </s>
<s> Brian's clearly got plenty to do; can anybody *else*  </s>
<s> help me find a record of a decision to close rdfms-assertion?  </s>
<s> There's not a lot of urgency, but if somebody has it handy...  </s>
<s> Dan Connolly, W3C http://www.w3.org/People/Connolly/  </s>
<s> Good.  </s>
<s> I should have an updated model document done next week, hopefully by Wednesday -- I think the only requested changes so far are deletions, so it should be easy.  </s>
<s> And there's the abstract and introduction to draft.  </s>
<s> BTW, do we have a proposed new title for it?  </s>
<s> E.g. Resource Description Framework: Overview and Graph Syntax  </s>
<s> #g Graham Klyne  </s>
<s> From http://www.w3.org/2001/sw/RDFCore/20020617-f2f/  </s>
<s> I think it's covered by this decision: log The WG decided to consider producing a new document to describe the RDF graph, possibly called "Resource Description Framework".  </s>
<s> This will include description of the graph synax, what it means to assert, character normalization and possibly some other material from the primer.  </s>
<s> Graham and Jeremy to be editors.  </s>
<s> in the sense that it's become a document issue.  </s>
<s> There was some discussion at the f2f of the assertion issue against a background of social aspects of RDF deployment (in discussions in/after the telecon prior to the F2F, the omission of any discussion of the social environment of RDF deployment had been noted).  </s>
<s> Section 2.3 of the new RDF document [1] resulted from this.  </s>
<s> Assertion is covered at sub-section 2.3.4 [2] (and still needs review/discussion).  </s>
<s> #g [1] [2]  </s>
<s> Graham Klyne  </s>
<s> Excellent!  </s>
<s> Hmm, I think I suggested something last week, what was it.  </s>
<s> "Resource Description Framework: Abstract Data Model".  </s>
<s> Brian  </s>
<s> OK, I'll use that if nothing better has surfaced.  </s>
<s> But there is also the material about social context and assertions that doesn't really fit that title.  </s>
<s> How about "Overview and Abstract Data Model"?  </s>
<s> (I'm not wedded to "Overview", but can't think of anything else which fits the other material and doesn't seem too obscure.) #g Graham Klyne  </s>
