<s> As a matter of public record, there will be a Design Team meeting held this Thursday and Friday, 11/20-11/21 at the offices of Netscape.  </s>
<s> In attendance will be: Steve Carter, Asad Faizi, Del Jensen, Yaron Goland, Alex Hoppman, Howard Palmer, and Jim Whitehead.  </s>
<s> Topics of discussion will be: access control, issues on the protocol draft, versioning.  </s>
<s> The purpose of holding Design Team meetings is to have a *small* gathering of people to discuss design proposals which are then subject to review and modification by the mailing list, which is the sole authority which can determine "rough consensus" on a draft.  </s>
<s> - Jim Whitehead  </s>
<s> Jim,  </s>
<s> I've made major additions and changes to the access control requirements document and submitted it as an Internet-Draft.  </s>
<s> It is available as: This adds a description of the access control framework, and specifies more detailed requirements than the previous version.  </s>
<s> It mostly reflects my own proposals for what the requirements should be, except for the section on generic access rights, which is left mostly as it was for the moment.  </s>
<s> The access control issues to be discussed at the design meeting, as I see them, are: 1) Review access control framework and terminology.  </s>
<s> 2) What is nature of a principal description (previously called a principal specifier)?  </s>
<s> In particular, does it simply refer to a list of users and/or groups, or does it (or could it) include other principal attributes such as IP address and DNS name?  </s>
<s> Does it allow Boolean expressions as proposed in the requirements document?  </s>
<s> 3) How is conflict between ACEs in an ACL resolved?  </s>
<s> The ACL protocol document uses ACE specificity as a mechanism for determining precedence.  </s>
<s> I claim that if general principal descriptions are going to be required or even allowed in an ACE, specificity may become difficult or impossible to define.  </s>
<s> Therefore the requirements document specifies that ACEs are ordered in an ACL, and order determines precedence in resolving conflicts.  </s>
<s> 4) Should an ACE be able to grant its access rights to one principal description and deny them to another principal description?  </s>
<s> It depends on how conflicts between ACEs are resolved, in my opinion.  </s>
<s> If using ordering to resolve conflicts, it seems unnecessary.  </s>
<s> 5) How are users (and possibly groups) referenced in a principal description?  </s>
<s> I don't think opaque identifiers promote interoperability, so the requirements document differs with the protocol document on this point.  </s>
<s> 6) What kind of inheritance is required or permitted?  </s>
<s> Inheritance complicates things considerably.  </s>
<s> The requirements document suggests that it is optional, but proposes certain requirements for implementations which do support inheritance.  </s>
<s> 7) If inheritance is required or allowed, how are conflicts between policies in different ACLs resolved?  </s>
<s> The requirements document proposes ordering ACLs.  </s>
<s> 8) How is access control to ACLs themselves managed?  </s>
<s> The requirements document still has the "change access" access right, but I think finer granularity is needed.  </s>
<s> For example, you probably want to be able to give someone the right to grant "read" access to a resource, but not to grant "modify" access.  </s>
<s> This is partially reflected in the requirements by specifying operations to insert and delete individual ACEs in an ACL.  </s>
<s> That is, someone who was not allowed to grant "modify" access would not be allowed to insert or delete an ACE containing the "modify" right.  </s>
<s> 9) What generic access rights should be supported?  </s>
<s> The requirements document has the old list.  </s>
<s> We ought to review it.  </s>
<s> 10) Merging of access rights, e.g. "list" and "read", is it really a requirement?  </s>
<s> The requirements document has been changed to limit access right merging to particular cases, rather than giving server implementors carte blanche.  </s>
<s> I don't think that a conforming implementation should be allowed to merge "read" and "delete", for example.  </s>
<s> Or do some things just go without saying?  </s>
<s> I think we'll be doing really well if we get through issues 1-5, and maybe start on 6.  </s>
<s> Howard  </s>
<s> I would like the team to consider adding support for ordered collections.  </s>
<s> How can I do this?  </s>
<s> I've discussed it on this mailing list, and accepted the responsibility for writing up a design, but then procrastinated.  </s>
<s> I did  </s>
<s> not know that a deadline was coming so soon.  </s>
<s> What is the date by which any proposed additions to DAV must be submitted?  </s>
<s> I imagine that the design team already has a full agenda for its two day meeting tomorrow, but if not, would it matter if I had a proposal in the mail by 10 pm PST tonight (Wed, 19 Nov?).  </s>
<s> If it's too late (as I assume it is) for your design meeting, then what is  </s>
<s> the next deadline?  </s>
<s> Jim, Yes, unfortunately it is too late to submit a change to the WebDAV protocol document prior to the December IETF meeting.  </s>
<s> We submitted draft-ietf-webdav-protocol-05 late on Wednesday afternoon to avoid the IETF Internet-Draft submission deadline crunch.  </s>
<s> The topic of ordered collections was discussed at the Design Team meeting, and the conclusion we reached was: a) There will be a time slot at the Washington IETF meeting for discussion of this topic b) It would be very helpful to have a draft proposal for ordered collections in DAV to focus the discussion in Washington.  </s>
<s> Even though it is too late to submit this as an Internet-Draft before the IETF meeting, you should still submit it to the list for discussion, and I will post any drafts I receive on the WebDAV home page.  </s>
<s> My apologies for not publicizing the Internet-Draft submission deadline -- in general, Internet-Drafts are not accepted for 2-3 weeks before an IETF meeting.  </s>
<s> The purpose of this is to ensure that drafts are submitted far enough in advance of the meeting to ensure attendees have read the minutes.  </s>
<s> - Jim On Wednesday, November 19, 1997 3:12 PM, Jim Davis  </s>
<s> did  </s>
<s> submitted?  </s>
<s> is  </s>
