Minutes - RDF Core WG - Telecon 07 December 2001 Agenda Summary: DECISION 2001-12-07#0 : remove aboutEach from syntax (see ACTION 2001-12-07#6) 
Actions: ACTION 2001-12-07#1 : Brian to add link to rdf primer rough working draft to RDF Core home page ACTION 2001-12-07#2 : jjc, JosD, and Patrick willing to reiview syntax specifcation when it comes out next week ACTION 2001-12-07#3 : JosD, jjc to review Agenda item 14: Review test cases on para 196 ACTION 2001-12-07#4 : AaronSw to bring these reponses back from the RDFIG to the RDF Core WG re ACTION 2001-12-07#5 : BWM to review test cases re ACTION 2001-12-07#6 : Dajobe to flag aboutEach removal in Syntax document and bring this to the attention of the RDFIG ACTION 2001-12-07#7 : Em to put removal of aboutEach to CG to ask whether this is in charter or not ACTION 2001-12-07#8 Sergey to produce new data type document by next Wednesday for review by next Friday's teleconference 1: Allocate scribe Eric Miller 2: Roll Call Present Brian McBride Eric Miller Dave Beckett Ron Daniel Jos De Roo Frank Manola Stephen Petschulat Patrick Stickler Aaron Swartz Pat Hayes Sergey Melnik Mike Dean 
Absent Frank Boumphrey 
Bill dehOra Rael Dornfest Yoshiyuki Kitahara Michael Kopchenov Kwon, Hyung-Jin Ora Lassila Satoshi Nakamura Pierre Richard R.V. Guha Jan Grant Regrets Dan Brickley Martyn Horner Graham Klyne Dan Connolly 3: Review Agenda Addition (dajobe): add tech plenary &amp; f2f Addition (bwm): give patrick to intro himself 4: Next telecon - 10am Boston time, 2001-12-14 5: Review Minutes of 2001-11-30 with correction see - http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/w3c-rdfcore-wg/2001Nov/0651.html - http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/w3c-rdfcore-wg/2001Nov/0652.html done 6: Confirm Status of Completed Actions done 7: Holiday Schedule Propose 14th Dec is last telecon this year. 
First of the new year will be 11th Jan 8: Agenda item : Status of Primer New rough draft availiable RDF Primer teleconference with Frank, Aarron, Sean and Eric to follow 9: Status of Model Theory Pat contines to work on this 10: Status of Syntax WD Dave: draft status -- starting to get a bit long (but includes relax, etc.); looking for people willing to review ACTION 2001-12-07#2 : jjc, JosD, and Patrick willing to reiview syntax specifcation when it comes out next week 11: CVS Access to W3C done 12: Status of action 2001-11-16#7 ACTION 2001-11-16#7 Pat Hayes following email discussion of rdfms-boolean-valued-properties, prepare new statement of this resolution to bring back for approval. 
13: Issue: rdfs-transitive-subSubProperty Test case approved (reviewed by DanC, Pat and Jos) 14: Review test cases on para 196 ACTION 2001-12-07#3 : JosD, jjc to review test cases on para 196 15: Issue: #rdfms-difference-between-ID-and-about ACTION 2001-12-07#4 : AaronSw to bring these reponses back from the RDFIG to the RDF Core WG re 16: Issue rdfms-aboutEach DECISION: remove aboutEach (the crowd rejoices) ACTION 2001-12-07#6 : Dajobe to flag aboutEach removal in Syntax document and bring this to the attention of the RDFIG ACTION 2001-12-07#7 : Em to put removal of aboutEach to CG to ask whether this is in charter or not 17: Datatypes See: http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/w3c-rdfcore-wg/2001Nov/0598.html 
See: http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/w3c-rdfcore-wg/2001Dec/0003.html next steps: sergey and ghram will meet... sergey will produce new document by next Wednesday for review by next Friday's teleconference ACTION 2001-12-07#8 Sergey to produce new data type document by next Wednesday for review by next Friday's teleconference 18: Issue: rdfms-assertion did not get to 19: Semantics of Reification - what progress did not get to Additional Agenda Items: a: Introduction of Patrick Stickler Workring on content management and distribution for Nokia. 
Focus on internal infrustructure managment and delivery of large documentation set.. looking at RDF for providing the means for supporting this. 
Aacademic background includes computational linguisit and CS. Research interests; NLP to classification, datamining, inference semenatic, standardizes ontologies, meta-ontologies b: F2F, Technical plenay Feb 25, 26 in Cannes, France Meeting Adjourned (Datatype dsicussions continued and are included at the end of the Raw IRC log) Raw IRC log **** BEGIN LOGGING AT Fri Dec 7 09:39:05 2001 09:39:05 -- em (~em@dhcp065-024-049-132.columbus.rr.com) has joined #rdfcore 09:39:05 ---Topic for #rdfcore is RDF Core WG Meeting 15:00-16:00 UTC Friday - Agenda: 09:39:05 ---Topic for #rdfcore set by dajobe at Fri Dec 7 09:12:16 09:39:15 *AaronSw disconnects 09:43:00 -- Jema (~foo@phobos.hpl.hp.com) has joined #rdfcore 09:43:15 -- bwm (~bwm@phobos.hpl.hp.com) has joined #rdfcore 09:43:29 --Jema has quit (Remote closed the connection) 09:48:22 -- DanC (~connolly@adsl-208-190-203-68.dsl.kscymo.swbell.net) has joined #rdfcore 09:58:23 --DanC has quit (carter.openprojects.net irc.openprojects.net) 10:01:11 em +em 10:02:03 -- Jema (~foo@phobos.hpl.hp.com) has joined #rdfcore 10:02:59 -- jjc (jjc@dhcp-07.ilrt.bris.ac.uk) has joined #rdfcore 10:03:29 --dajobe has quit (Killed (NickServ (Ghost: dajobe_1!~cmdjb@tatooine.ilrt.bris.ac.uk))) 10:03:32 -- dajobe (~dajobe@tatooine.ilrt.bris.ac.uk) has joined #rdfcore 10:03:34 -- dajobe_1 (~cmdjb@tatooine.ilrt.bris.ac.uk) has joined #rdfcore 10:04:29 dajobe_1 hmm 10:05:25 jjc Jeremy notes that AaronSw is a robot! 
10:05:40 *em happy to scribe 10:05:48 ---You are now known as em-scribe 10:05:54 em-scribe roll call... 10:06:09 em-scribe regrets: danbru 10:06:12 em-scribe em-scribe: here 10:06:17 -- JosD (nobody@un.impressive.net) has joined #rdfcore 10:06:18 em-scribe dajobe, 10:06:23 em-scribe frank absebnt 10:06:25 em-scribe rond absent 10:06:30 em-scribe billd ab 10:06:31 --JosD has quit (Remote closed the connection) 10:06:34 em-scribe rael ab 10:06:39 em-scribe martin here 10:06:42 em-scribe josh here 10:06:46 em-scribe yosi ab 10:06:49 em-scribe ghram regret 10:06:52 em-scribe micheal ab 10:06:58 em-scribe qwan, ora, ab 10:07:00 em-scribe frank he 10:07:06 em-scribe natashi ab 10:07:09 em-scribe steve ab 10:07:10 -- DanC (~connolly@adsl-208-190-203-68.dsl.kscymo.swbell.net) has joined #rdfcore 10:07:14 em-scribe piere ab 10:07:18 em-scribe patrick s he 10:07:20 em-scribe aarron he 10:07:25 em-scribe miked ab 10:07:26 -- JosD (nobody@un.impressive.net) has joined #rdfcore 10:07:28 em-scribe guha ab 10:07:30 em-scribe pat he 10:07:35 em-scribe sergey (not yet) 10:08:05 *DanC scrambles to see how many fires need my attention just now; tentative regrets... 10:08:08 em-scribe next telecon: next week 10:08:08 bwm -open 10:08:10 Jema RDFCore WG Telecon 2001-12-07 is now open 10:08:10 Jema The agenda can be found at 10:08:10 Jema Agenda item 1: Allocate scribe 10:08:11 em-scribe review agenda 10:08:23 bwm -aob f2f 10:08:28 em-scribe dajobe: add tech plenary &amp; f2f 10:08:42 em-scribe bwm: give patrick to intro himself 10:08:52 bwm -agenda 5 10:08:53 Jema Agenda item 5: Review Minutes of 2001-11-30 with correction 10:08:53 Jema See: 10:08:53 Jema See: 10:08:58 em-scribe AGENDA REQUEST dajobe: add tech plenary &amp; f2f 10:09:06 em-scribe AGENDA REQUEST bwm: give patrick to intro himself 10:09:09 bwm -agenda next 10:09:11 Jema Agenda item 6: Confirm Status of Completed Actions 10:09:14 em-scribe no comments on minutes... minutes approved 10:09:32 bwm -next 10:09:32 Jema command not recognised 10:09:36 em-scribe approved actions 10:09:40 bwm -agenda next 10:09:41 Jema Agenda item 7: Holiday Schedule 10:09:41 Jema See: 10:09:59 em-scribe EM action to upload test case 10:10:04 em-scribe er... am i actions? 
10:10:11 dajobe_1 not yet, item 14 10:10:12 em-scribe MikeD here 10:10:16 em-scribe ok dajobe 10:10:49 bwm -agenda 8 10:10:50 Jema Agenda item 8: Status of Primer 10:10:50 DanC re holiday schedule... does that include publication scheduling issues? 
10:10:52 em-scribe ok... status of primer 10:10:56 em-scribe 10:12:00 -- mdean_ (~mdean@hh1114013.direcpc.com) 
has joined #rdfcore 10:12:00 jjc still needing to integrate bits 10:12:22 jjc eric would like more eyes over the current draft 10:12:25 jjc still very rough# 10:13:51 em-scribe em-scribe, only recently been able to get back with Frank on this 10:14:13 dajobe_1 that primer seems to be using n3, not ntriples e.g ":foo" - just a cleanup needed, no biggie 10:16:42 em-scribe Action: bwm add link to rdf primer rouch working draft to rdf core home page 10:17:15 em-scribe AaronSw, i talked with Sean about helping to review the primer and he seemed keen in helping 10:17:16 --JosD has quit (Remote closed the connection) 10:17:19 -- JosD (nobody@un.impressive.net) has joined #rdfcore 10:17:20 em-scribe AaronSw, i would be as wekk 10:17:23 em-scribe err... well 10:17:49 jjc * AaronSw is a robot - not aaron 10:17:51 em-scribe Frank, thinks we need to get together and make sure we're on same page... one person easy, two people harder 10:17:59 -- danbri (~danbri@pc-62-31-92-5-az.blueyonder.co.uk) has joined #rdfcore 10:18:01 em-scribe yep jjc 10:18:05 dajobe dajobe_1 10:18:11 em-scribe syntax doc 10:18:13 bwm -agenda 10 10:18:14 em-scribe ------------- 10:18:14 Jema Agenda item 10: Status of Syntax WD 10:18:15 Jema command not recognised 10:18:20 *danbri waves, reiterates his regrets, lurks (on phone) 10:18:41 em-scribe draft status -- starting to get a bit long (includes relax, etc.) 10:18:48 danbri (er, on phone elsewhere, I mean) 10:19:16 dajobe dajobe_1 10:19:25 em-scribe dajobe, looking for people willing to review 10:19:35 Jema jjc JosD 10:19:40 em-scribe jjc, willing to review 10:19:46 em-scribe josh, willing to review 10:20:00 em-scribe patrick, willing to review (will try) 10:20:34 Jema jjc JosD 10:20:43 em-scribe ACTION: jjc, JosD, and Patrick willing to reiview 10:20:54 em-scribe ACTION: jjc, JosD, and Patrick willing to reiview syntax specifcation when it comes out next week 10:20:58 em-scribe .... 10:21:18 dajobe_1 em asks about relaxng and asking relaxng people to look at it 10:21:22 bwm -agenda 13 10:21:24 dajobe_1 dajobe: sure, when it is more baked 10:21:24 Jema Agenda item 13: Issue: rdfs-transitive-subSubProperty 10:21:24 Jema See: 10:21:24 Jema See: 10:21:57 em-scribe bwm: has any reviewed test case? 
10:22:02 em-scribe (silence) 10:22:08 em-scribe ok, still open 10:22:12 DanC yes, I did 10:22:23 DanC ... review testcases 10:22:30 dajobe dajobe_1 danbri DanC 10:22:31 danbri DanC 10:22:32 DanC sent mail 10:23:28 em-scribe Pat confirms he's reviewed this as well and ok 10:23:31 em-scribe Josh also... 10:23:46 bwm -agenda 14 10:23:47 Jema Agenda item 14: Review test cases on para 196 10:23:47 Jema See: http://cvs.ilrt.org/cvsweb/redland/rdfcore/rdfms-para196 
10:23:54 *DanC sees "Discuss the PL proposal: Do we still think its a runner?"; 
might better call in; on the other hand, might leave it to Sergey. 
10:24:00 *dajobe_1 throws something at jeremy for nearly objecting... 10:24:02 em-scribe test case approved 10:24:39 em-scribe ACTION: JosD, jjc to review Agenda item 14: Review test cases on para 196 http://cvs.ilrt.org/cvsweb/redland/rdfcore/rdfms-para196 
10:24:45 DanC is sergey on the call yet? 
10:24:53 em-scribe not yet (i dont think( 10:24:56 em-scribe ah! 10:25:05 em-scribe sergey, ron and ghram have all joined 10:25:11 bwm -agenda 15 10:25:14 Jema Agenda item 15: Issue: #rdfms-difference-between-ID-and-about 10:25:14 Jema See: 10:27:05 -- gk (~GK@adsl-63-194-208-34.dsl.snfc21.pacbell.net) 
has joined #rdfcore 10:27:12 em-scribe (discussion happen ... not captured really by scribe) 10:28:03 em-scribe AaronSw: when I mentioned this to rdf-ig, a few people reponded that this decision may hurt 10:28:23 em-scribe ACTION: AaronSw to bring these reponses back to the working group 10:29:08 em-scribe ACTION: bwm to review test cases 10:29:16 em-scribe -agenda 16 10:29:18 Jema Agenda item 16: Issue rdfms-aboutEach 10:29:22 bwm -agenda 16 10:29:23 Jema Agenda item 16: Issue rdfms-aboutEach 10:29:31 dajobe dajobe_1 danbri DanC 10:29:32 dajobe dajobe_1 10:29:39 em-scribe dajobe: kill it :) 10:29:58 -- sergey (melnik@Barnacle.Stanford.EDU) has joined #rdfcore 10:30:15 em-scribe ??: not reasonable to remove somethign without a better solution 10:30:35 em-scribe jjc: are there test cases (other than W3C's internal use) 10:30:54 em-scribe Pat: not sure how to reflect this into model thery 10:30:58 dajobe dajobe_1 10:31:08 em-scribe bwm, dajobe: purely syntax... macro 10:31:49 *DanC wonders about the "purely syntax" view of aboutEach; see the test I sent a while ago 10:32:18 gk if we don't shoot it now, will we be able to shoot it later? 
10:32:45 em-scribe bwm: I personally don't like it, but it is being used. 
Per charter, we're tasked to clean up spec. 
10:32:48 dajobe dajobe_1 10:33:02 em-scribe dajobe: this is really the only thing i'm interested in cutting out 10:33:39 DanC suggestion: cut it and send a flag up to the CG to ask whether this is in charter or not 10:33:40 Jema jjc JosD 10:33:41 Jema jjc JosD 10:33:51 DanC ... and ask developers. 
Get explicit responses from rdf-ig 10:34:12 DanC (I think we already have explicit "good riddance" from several developers, no?) 10:34:18 em-scribe jjc: note that if we keep this in, we have to deal with a variety of additional open issues 10:35:56 em-scribe bwm: propose to indeed remove this 10:35:59 dajobe dajobe_1 10:38:07 em-scribe ACTION: Dajobe to flag aboutEach removal in Syntax document and bring this to the attention of the RDFIG 10:38:37 dajobe_1 action bwm to bring to rdfig or me? 
10:40:11 em-scribe ACTION: Em to put removal of aboutEach to CG to ask whether this is in charter or not 10:40:39 em-scribe APPROVED: remove aboutEach 10:40:43 *dajobe_1 cheers 10:40:50 *DanC cheers 10:41:11 *em-scribe offers a moment of silence for aboutEach 10:41:20 dajobe_1 lol 10:42:31 em-scribe -agenda 17 10:42:32 Jema Agenda item 17: Datatypes 10:42:32 Jema See: 10:42:32 Jema See: 10:42:46 *dajobe_1 notes incidently, closes rdfms-propElt-id-with-dr issue since dr (distrib referent) gone 10:42:57 dajobe dajobe_1 10:42:58 dajobe dajobe_1 10:43:21 em-scribe dajobe, jjc... what additional open issues go away with the removal of aboutEach 10:43:23 em-scribe ? 
10:44:15 dajobe_1 above one; and a previous decision also moot I think 10:45:32 dajobe_1 rdfms-aboutEach-on-object is now moot 10:45:58 gk Sergey proposes to incorporate expolicit namin of lexical, value spaces and mapping into the S description (followinjg PL, G propodals) 10:47:50 dajobe_1 sergey tantalises us with his new proposal... 10:50:19 *em-scribe offers telconference bridge on data types if this will help speed things along 10:52:31 em-scribe next steps: sergey and ghram will meet... sergey will produce new document by next Wednesday. 
10:52:37 *em-scribe cheers 10:53:06 em-scribe next steps: sergey and ghram will meet... sergey will produce new document by next Wednesday for review by next Friday's teleconference 10:53:23 em-scribe Introductions: Patrick Sticker 10:53:51 em-scribe wokring on content management and distribution... internal infrustructure on managment and delivery of large documentation set.. 10:54:11 em-scribe looking at RDF for providing the means for supporting this 10:54:23 em-scribe academic background; computational linguisit and CS 10:54:38 em-scribe NLP to classification, datamining, inference semenatic 10:55:26 em-scribe key interests: standardizes ontologies, meta-ontologies 10:55:28 *DanC is happy to see Sergey and Graham take the ball on datatypes; sorry I couldn't be on the call today. 
10:55:45 em-scribe bwm: working code? 
10:55:49 bwm -agenda 19 10:55:50 Jema Agenda item 19: Semantics of Reification - what progress 10:56:12 em-scribe patrick: prototype at this stage 10:56:26 bwm -agenda 20 10:56:26 Jema Agenda item 20: f2f 10:57:06 dajobe dajobe_1 10:57:16 em-scribe dajobe: F2F, Technical plenay 10:57:30 em-scribe note: Feb 22-23? 
heads up... in france 10:57:53 dajobe_1 feb 25,26 10:58:01 dajobe_1 assuming dates I have are correct 10:58:15 dajobe_1 then plenary and rdf-interest meeting maybe Thursday 28th? 
11:00:54 em-scribe meeting - adjourned 11:00:59 em-scribe datatype cabal 11:03:32 bwm -close 11:03:33 Jema The meeting is closed 11:03:34 --dajobe_1 has quit ("Leaving") 11:03:36 Jema the action/decision list has been mailed 11:04:39 *em-scribe has to leave... but feel free to continue dicussions... i think even past 30 min :) 11:04:48 em-scribe -em 11:04:50 Jema command not recognised 11:06:54 *dajobe lurks on irc only 11:08:15 ---bwm is now known as bwm-scribe 11:08:55 bwm-scribe easier to apply constraints to value space 11:09:13 bwm-scribe its easier to define a new datatype from the value space 11:10:20 bwm-scribe jeremy does like Grahams names as there are too many 11:10:37 bwm-scribe suggests function from value space to lexical space 11:10:46 bwm-scribe pat: not so easy 11:11:01 bwm-scribe all statements about classes are conjunctive in rdfs 11:11:12 bwm-scribe if we introduce this, it may have nasty effects 11:11:40 bwm-scribe patrick: practical concerns: someone going to have to define names for lex space val space etc 11:11:53 bwm-scribe users will have to keep track 11:13:00 bwm-scribe public at large will find this too complex 11:13:26 bwm-scribe patrick is concerned over complexity 11:13:54 bwm-scribe graham: denies there is no new machinery or semantics 11:16:50 bwm-scribe sm: there may be a misconception over the extra semantics required 11:17:29 bwm-scribe sm: claims no special machinery needed for datatypes 11:23:48 bwm-scribe ps: a literal is a pair; the type is part of the literal 11:24:24 bwm-scribe ps: the tricky bit is handling subclass of relationships between datatypes 11:24:44 bwm-scribe ps: subclass relationships applied to datatypes only applies to the value spaces 11:34:31 --jjc has quit ("User pushed the X - because it's Xtra, baby") 11:39:13 --Jema has quit (Ping timeout: 181 seconds) 11:39:26 --sergey has quit () 11:39:58 --bwm-scribe has quit (Ping timeout: 181 seconds) 11:41:36 --dajobe (~dajobe@tatooine.ilrt.bris.ac.uk) has left #rdfcore 11:52:45 -- dajobe (~dajobe@tatooine.ilrt.bris.ac.uk) has joined #rdfcore 11:52:46 --JosD has quit (Remote closed the connection) 11:53:14 --dajobe (~dajobe@tatooine.ilrt.bris.ac.uk) has left #rdfcore 12:00:27 --logger_2 has quit (Remote closed the connection) 12:32:05 --gk (~GK@adsl-63-194-208-34.dsl.snfc21.pacbell.net) 
has left #rdfcore 13:53:30 *AaronSw reconnects 14:07:21 --AaronSw (aaronsw@mewtwo.espnow.com) has left #rdfcore 14:10:07 --DanC (~connolly@adsl-208-190-203-68.dsl.kscymo.swbell.net) has left #rdfcore 14:58:42 --mdean_ has quit (Ping timeout: 181 seconds) **** ENDING LOGGING AT Sun Dec 9 22:12:26 2001 
I believe I sent regrets prior to this meeting. 
jan grant, ILRT, University of Bristol. 
http://www.ilrt.bris.ac.uk/ 
Jan, I can confirm you did. 
I will assume that this was an error by the chair and I apologize. 
Brian 
I was there! 
Not particularly noticeable beyond the roll-call, but for the record... Martyn Horner martyn.horner@profium.com 
Profium, Les Espaces de Sophia, Immeuble Delta, B.P. 037, F-06901 Sophia-Antipolis, France Mob. 
+33 (0)6.21.01.54.56 Internet: http://www.profium.com 
