<s> RDFCore WG 2001-06-07 Teleconference minutes Transcript: Agenda: Roll call: Participants: - Art Barstow - Dave Beckett (.5 scribe) - Dan Brickley (chair)  </s>
<s> - Brian McBride (chair)  </s>
<s> - Jos De Roo - Bill dehOra - Mike Dean - Jan Grant (.5 scribe) - R.V. Guha - Pat Hayes  </s>
<s> - Ora Lassila - Frank Manola - Eric Miller  </s>
<s> - Stephen Petschulat - Aaron Swartz Regrets: Martyn Horner, Graham Klyne Review Agenda:  </s>
<s> - Jos De Roo: would like some discussion on the containers, reification issues for AOB if time.  </s>
<s> Minutes of the last meeting: with correction Confirm following actions completed: D1: Dan Brickley send analysis (#rdf-container-syntax-ambiguity and #rdf-containers-syntax-vs-schema)to rdfcore-wg list DONE.  </s>
<s> D2: Brian McBride edit the errata per the resolutions above; i.e. those regarding #rdf-ns-prefix-confusion.  </s>
<s> [ArtB to work with Brian to get Brian write access to the errata and to determine a strategy for  </s>
<s> maintaining the appropriate documents.]  </s>
<s> DONE.  </s>
<s> ACTION: JUN-01-01-#3: Jos: review the test cases for rdfms-empty-property-element DONE.  </s>
<s> ACTION: JUN-01-01-#4: DaveB: review the test cases for rdfms-empty-property-element DONE.  </s>
<s> ACTION: JUN-01-01-#7: Jan: summarize what XML-Base might do for RDF.  </s>
<s> DONE.  </s>
<s> ACTION: JUN-01-01-#8: DanC: send a note to the WG that points out the bug in the spec regarding aboutEach DONE.  </s>
<s> Review status of following actions: A1: Dan Brickley: Solicit RDF feature usage info from Guha and report back to the group.  </s>
<s> DONE.  </s>
<s> A4: Guha: re #rdfms-reification-required: Present analaysis to list for discussion.  </s>
<s> CONTINUES.  </s>
<s> ACTION: JUN-01-01-#1: Martyn: create test cases rdfms-resource-semantics CONTINUES.  </s>
<s> ACTION: JUN-01-01-#2: FrankM: create tests case for reification.  </s>
<s> CONTINUES.  </s>
<s> (Frank reports these as under development) ACTION: JUN-01-01-#5: Eric: investigate a test case repository for the WG.  </s>
<s> The repository must facilitat WG members adding and modifying test cases.  </s>
<s> CONTINUES.  </s>
<s> (Eric reports team access to repository in place) ACTION: JUN-01-01-#9: Ora: send a note to the WG that describes how aboutEach is being used and how it was implemented CONTINUES.  </s>
<s> Issues discussion: Issue #1 Owner: Jan Grant Consensus that the test cases are OK. RESOLUTION: the consolidated test cases represent RDFCore's decision on this; the issue can be closed once those test cases are all in one place.  </s>
<s> AP: 2001-06-08#1: Jan: Consolidate, renumber and repost test cases.  </s>
<s> Issue #2 Owner: Dan Brickley  </s>
<s> Some discussion about the behaviour of various RDF implementations with regard to (re-)numbering container members.  </s>
<s> The consensus seemed to be that RDFMS did not preclude an RDF implementation from handling partial descriptions of containers.  </s>
<s> Aaron: pointed out this didn't resolve the open syntax issues.  </s>
<s> AP: 2001-06-08#2: Dan Brickley: write this up in more detail for the list AP: 2001-06-08#3: Brian McBride: pick up on the syntax issues now the model details have been clarified.  </s>
<s> Issue #3  </s>
<s> Owner: Aaron Swartz  </s>
<s> Aaron: summarised earlier email discussing this Aaron: Leaning towards proposal #2 Dave Beckett: third proposal: much code seems to treat rdf:ID and rdf:about as effectively synonyms.  </s>
<s> The triples generated would be the same.  </s>
<s> AP: 2001-06-08#4: Brian McBride to write up this third proposed interpretation CONTINUES.  </s>
<s> Issue #4 Owner: Jan Grant Discussion revolved around whether admitting this to RDFMS was in scope; their were concerns about versioning requirements since new documents using xml:base would produce different output on older parsers.  </s>
<s> Pat: making RDF malleable in the face of future changes to XML:Base is not a good thing.  </s>
<s> AP: 2001-06-08#5: Eric: to talk to the XLM Processing Workshop about RDF requirements from XML:Base CONTINUES.  </s>
<s> (Take to email) Review of updated issues list document: AP: 2001-06-08#6: ALL: comments to list Date of next meeting: One week, 2001-06-15.  </s>
<s> (The phone number to be advised, but it should remain constant until  </s>
<s> September) jan grant, ILRT, University of Bristol.  </s>
<s> http://www.ilrt.bris.ac.uk/  </s>
<s> Unfortunately, I have a very good idea how fast my keys are moving.  </s>
<s> Hmm... I thought I had sent regrets; anyway, I am pretty sure I wasn't there - Ora Ora Lassila, mailto:ora.lassila@nokia.com,  </s>
<s> +1 (781) 993-4603 Research Fellow, Nokia Research Center / Boston  </s>
<s> Hi Ora, I've checked my mail archive and the list archive and I can't find your 'regrets'.  </s>
<s> If there was some glitch in the mail system, forward your copy and we'll correct the minutes.  </s>
<s> Brian  </s>
<s> I was in today's call.  </s>
<s> Ron Daniel Jr. Standards Architect Visit www.interwoven.com  </s>
<s> Moving Business to the Web  </s>
<s> I believe the wg DECIDED that RDF which contains partial descriptions of containers is legal and that this issue is resolved.  </s>
<s> Brian  </s>
<s> Was Guha present.  </s>
<s> I seem to recall calling for him on the call and getting no response.  </s>
<s> Brian  </s>
<s> IRC only; there was some initial confusion about whether he was on the phone.  </s>
<s> jan grant, ILRT, University of Bristol.  </s>
<s> http://www.ilrt.bris.ac.uk/ and Nostradamus never dreamed of the Church of the Accellerated Worm  </s>
<s> Whilst I applaud folks doing there best to attend as best they can, when access to a phone is not possible.  </s>
<s> I suggest however that being present on irc does not qualify as attending the telecon.  </s>
<s> (If this is contrary to normal W3C practise, the do let me know).  </s>
<s> Perhaps in future we should show explicitly in the minutes those who are monitoring the meeting on irc.  </s>
<s> Brian  </s>
