<s> Are there any members of the working group who strongly support adding a requirement for providing configuration support to WebDAV?  </s>
<s> If you do, could you please give a brief description of your rationale?  </s>
<s> While I think supporting configurations would be a good thing, I'm concerned that the 'WebDAV configuration model' may be difficult to map to existing systems, each of which has a different idea of how configurations should be managed.  </s>
<s> As Jim said, supporting configurations will introduce a lot of complexity, regardless of which model is used.  </s>
<s> Versioning is something that many servers would want to support, but configuration management may not be needed by some sites, and the added complexity would be burdensome, so if WebDAV were to support configurations, it would probably have to be optional.  </s>
<s> Even for those sites that would use the configuration support, most content editing and management tools would probably only want to support simple versioning (checkout, checkin) anyway.  </s>
<s> Of course we're giving up some interoperability for more advanced tools, but I'm not sure that's critically important yet.  </s>
<s> As a maker and user of Configuration Management tools, I think supporting configurations would be great, but I think WebDAV can get away without it, and still provide a standard with a lot of value.  </s>
<s> Bob Parker Continuus Software Corp.  </s>
<s> With respect to the recent discussion concerning adding configuration support, I would like to see if there are others lurking who also share Sankar's views.  </s>
<s> Therefore, I ask: Are there any members of the working group who strongly support adding a requirement for providing configuration support to WebDAV?  </s>
<s> If you do, could you please give a brief description of your rationale?  </s>
<s> Thanks.  </s>
<s> - Jim  </s>
<s> Jim, I think there are atleast two questions to ask: a) Should dealing with configurations go into the requirement document.  </s>
<s> In other words is it a requirement for the DAV protocol to deal with configurations.  </s>
<s> (this is the point I was debating in this discussion thread).  </s>
<s> My position here is *yes*.  </s>
<s> b) Should configurations as a requirement be dealt with in the first version of the protocol draft.  </s>
<s> My position here is *it depends*.  </s>
<s> From what Bob said , it sounds to me that configurations are a requirement (atleast from his perspective), but need not be scheduled to be addressed in the first release.  </s>
<s> This is my position too.  </s>
<s> Given the way we are going now (based on your announced schedule), I don't see versioning happening in the next 6 months.  </s>
<s> If that is the case, versioning (and configurations hopefully) really are dealt with in the second version of the Web-DAV protocol.  </s>
<s> In other words, my sense of our progress is that DAV *will not* address versioning in the first release of the protocol draft.  </s>
<s> and hence addressing configurations is a moot issue.  </s>
<s> Correct me if my analysis is wrong.  </s>
<s> My position is not that we need to address configurations *now*.  </s>
<s> We are after all discussing the requirements document and *now* impacts scheduling and technical specification evolution issue.  </s>
<s> My position is that dealing with configurations *is a requirement* for DAV.  </s>
<s> Which version of the draft protocol addresses configurations depends on how much progress we make on nailing down the spec.  </s>
<s> of versions and properties.  </s>
<s> Hope this helps.  </s>
