<s> Same time as usual (even for the Europeans) on Zakim: Action items: - Glen to write why it should a property instead of an XML element/attribute (pros and cons) - Philippe to write comment to soap group that we have encountered this and forward the HTTP PnF proposal - Philippe to forward the HTTP PnF proposal to WSD group and include http headers issue  </s>
<s> Do we have an agenda for the call today?  </s>
<s> JJ.  </s>
<s> Hi Jean-Jacques: I've been catching up after travelling, and didn't put one together until now, apologies for the late posting.  </s>
<s> Here's a suggestion for topics, in no particular order: 1) Action property vs. soapAction (which opens up the general topic of feature/property consistency vs. WSDL readability) 2) We discussed WS-Policy and the relationship with features last week, so talking about the Context proposal and properties would be good 3) Usage scenarios next steps Other topics are also welcome via email or at the beginning of the call.  </s>
<s> Talk to you in a couple of hours!  </s>
<s> --Glen  </s>
<s> Belated regrets, I was caught in another meeting which ran 2 hours late.  </s>
<s> Jean-Jacques.  </s>
