<s> Julian--  </s>
<s> Should we discuss the property metadata draft: est.html at the Atlanta IETF?  </s>
<s> I'm happy to drive discussion on the topic.  </s>
<s> --Eric  </s>
<s> I will put together the Agenda for the Atlanta meeting.  </s>
<s> Here's some issues that should be discussed.  </s>
<s> Volunteers are *really needed* ( to drive discussion on their selected topic) this meeting as I'm *really swamped* myself!  </s>
<s> RFC2518bis - Proposals for client forcing server auth challenge - Ilya? - Required support for ETags - If header evaluation/simplification proposals &amp; compatibility - Geoff?  </s>
<s> Other drafts - quota draft - Binding issues coming up on DL - allprop/include draft Other issues - Impact of XML namespace changes -- Julian? - ACL submission status I'm sure I've missed items so let me know.  </s>
<s> --Lisa -----Original Message----- From: Dinara Suleymanova [mailto:dinaras@ietf.org] Sent: Monday, November 04, 2002 8:40 AM Subject: WG Agendas for the 55th IETF Please start sending your group meetings' agendas.  </s>
<s> Thanks, Dinara Suleymanova  </s>
<s> Eric, that would be great.  </s>
<s> Let me know if I can/should assist in preparing slides.  </s>
<s> Note that [1] and [2] are currently (almost) identical, and that [2] is the  </s>
<s> version that has been submitted as Internet Draft.  </s>
<s> Julian  </s>
<s> [1] http://greenbytes.de/tech/webdav/draft-reschke-webdav-property-datatypes-la test.html  </s>
<s> [2] http://greenbytes.de/tech/webdav/draft-reschke-webdav-property-datatypes-03  </s>
<s> .html  </s>
<s> I will be at the Atlanta meeting, and would be happy to drive the discussion on any of the topics identified below.  </s>
<s> I don't think  </s>
<s> I would raise the XML namespace issues, though, until we have some proposal as to how to address them (I agree they are issues, but like Julian, I have no proposal for how to address them).  </s>
<s> Cheers, Geoff Yes -- I need help not only in preparing these discussions, but also leading them at the WG meeting.  </s>
<s> I understand you won't be able to make it to Atlanta, Julian.  </s>
<s> Is somebody who will be there able to work with Julian on understanding and explaining the XML namespace issues and the allprop Include draft?  </s>
<s> lisa  </s>
<s> -----Original Message----- From: Julian Reschke [mailto:julian.reschke@gmx.de]  </s>
<s> Sent: Thursday, November 07, 2002 6:36 AM Subject: RE: WG Agendas for the 55th IETF  </s>
<s> From: w3c-dist-auth-request@w3.org [mailto:w3c-dist-auth-request@w3.org]On  </s>
<s> Behalf Of Lisa Dusseault Sent: Wednesday, November 06, 2002 4:10 AM Subject: FW: WG Agendas for the 55th IETF I will put together the Agenda for the Atlanta meeting.  </s>
<s> Here's some issues that should be discussed.  </s>
<s> Volunteers are *really needed* (  </s>
<s> to  </s>
<s> drive discussion on their selected topic) this meeting as I'm  </s>
<s> *really  </s>
<s> swamped* myself!  </s>
<s> RFC2518bis - Proposals for client forcing server auth challenge - Ilya? - Required support for ETags - If header evaluation/simplification proposals &amp; compatibility - Geoff?  </s>
<s> Other drafts - quota draft - Binding issues coming up on DL - allprop/include draft Other issues - Impact of XML namespace changes -- Julian? - ACL submission status I'm sure I've missed items so let me know.  </s>
<s> Lisa, if you need help/assistance in preparing  </s>
<s> - allprop/include draft  </s>
<s> - Impact of XML namespace changes -- Julian?  </s>
<s> (which should be XML 1.1/ XML namespaces 1.1 changes, right?),  </s>
<s> please  </s>
<s> let  </s>
<s> Would you be so kind to handle the allprop/include proposal?  </s>
<s> I think there's some misunderstanding here.  </s>
<s> The namespace issue as defined in Jason's list ([1]), DAV_WITH_COLON_IS_NOT_A_URI, is closed (we don't need to change anything).  </s>
<s> The XML 1.1 and XML namespaces 1.1 *potential* issues should be at least considered ([2]).  </s>
<s> Julian [1] http://www.webdav.org/wg/rfcdev/issues.htm  </s>
<s> [2] http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/w3c-dist-auth/2002OctDec/0148.html  </s>
<s> My point was that I have no particular opinion on which way to go for the XML 1.1 and XML namespace issues that you raised (and in your email that raised the issues, you indicated that you didn't have a proposed resolution either).  </s>
<s> So although I'd be happy to participate in a discussion on this topic, I wouldn't be able to "drive" it in any particular direction.  </s>
<s> Cheers, Geoff  </s>
<s> I think there's some misunderstanding here.  </s>
<s> The namespace issue as defined in Jason's list ([1]), DAV_WITH_COLON_IS_NOT_A_URI, is closed (we don't need to change anything).  </s>
<s> The XML 1.1 and XML namespaces 1.1 *potential* issues should be at least considered ([2]).  </s>
<s> Julian [1] http://www.webdav.org/wg/rfcdev/issues.htm  </s>
<s> [2] http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/w3c-dist-auth/2002OctDec/0148.html  </s>
<s> I see.  </s>
<s> At this point, we should just note that there are potential issues.  </s>
<s> After all, both specs (XML 1.1 and namespaces 1.1) aren't finished yet.  </s>
<s> Driving discussion doesn?t necessarily mean having a resolution in mind.  </s>
<s> Could you outline the possible ways to address the new XML standards work so that the rest of us could have a framework to start thinking about it?  </s>
<s> Just an overview of what?s different (that might affect WebDAV) would be helpful.  </s>
<s> Lisa My point was that I have no particular opinion on which way to go for the XML 1.1 and XML namespace issues that you raised (and in your email that raised the issues, you indicated that you didn't have a proposed resolution either).? So although I'd be happy to participate in a discussion on this topic, I wouldn't be able to "drive" it in any particular direction.  </s>
<s> Cheers, Geoff -----Original Message-----  </s>
<s> I think there's some misunderstanding here.  </s>
<s> The namespace issue as defined in Jason's list ([1]), DAV_WITH_COLON_IS_NOT_A_URI, is closed (we don't need to change anything).  </s>
<s> The XML 1.1 and XML namespaces 1.1 *potential* issues should be at least considered ([2]).  </s>
<s> Julian [1] http://www.webdav.org/wg/rfcdev/issues.htm  </s>
<s> [2]  </s>
<s> That information (what is in the new XML standards that is relevant briefly present that information at the working group meeting.  </s>
<s> Cheers, Geoff -----Original Message----- Driving discussion doesn't necessarily mean having a resolution in mind.  </s>
<s> Could you outline the possible ways to address the new XML standards work so that the rest of us could have a framework to start thinking about it?  </s>
<s> Just an overview of what's different (that might affect WebDAV) would be helpful.  </s>
<s> Lisa -----Original Message----- My point was that I have no particular opinion on which way to go for the XML 1.1 and XML namespace issues that you raised (and in your email that raised the issues, you indicated that you didn't have a proposed resolution either).? So although I'd be happy to participate in a discussion on this topic, I wouldn't be able to "drive" it in any particular direction.  </s>
<s> Cheers, Geoff -----Original Message-----  </s>
<s> I think there's some misunderstanding here.  </s>
<s> The namespace issue as defined in Jason's list ([1]), DAV_WITH_COLON_IS_NOT_A_URI, is closed (we don't need to change anything).  </s>
<s> The XML 1.1 and XML namespaces 1.1 *potential* issues should be at least considered ([2]).  </s>
<s> Julian [1] http://www.webdav.org/wg/rfcdev/issues.htm  </s>
<s> [2]  </s>
