I would like to propose that a bit more time is given to resolving the datatyping issues at the F2F. 
Both Pat and I will be there, as will Jeremy and Graham. 
I would like to verify whether Sergey will also be present. 
If all three editors as well as most of the individuals with outstanding concerns/issues will be present, then I think it behooves us to make use of that opportunity to expidite closure. 
Sergey, can you confirm that you will be attending? 
Thanks, Patrick 
I think the prime directive for the F2F should be to wrap up as much as possible. 
I'm concerned that datatypes could prove to be a rathole. 
Therefore, I suggest that if it is scheduled, its allocated slot be towards the end of the f2f time. 
#g 
Graham Klyne 
I'm still waiting for my UK visa (alas, I need one). 
If I get it on time, I'll be there... Sergey 
