<s> RDFCore WG minutes for the Telecon 2002-04-26 10:00:00 Fri Apr 26 2002 in America/New York 15:00:00 Fri Apr 26 2002 in Europe/London irc: irc.w3.org #rdfcore Transcript: (file 2002-04-26-irc.txt  </s>
<s> attached) Actions summary: (file 2002-04-26-actions.txt  </s>
<s> attached -- please review, some may be my invention!) Agenda: 1: Allocate scribe: Graham Klyne 2: Roll call Participants: - Aaron Swartz - Brian McBride (chair) - Daniel Brickley - Dave Beckett - Eric Miller (co-chair) - Frank Manola - Graham Klyne - Jeremey Carroll - Jos De Roo - Patrick Stickler - Ron Daniels - Jan Grant - Sergey Melnik - Martyn Horner - Dan Connolly - Pat Hayes - Mike Dean Regrets/Absent: - Stephen Petschulat - Bill dehOra - Frank Boumphrey - Guha - KWON Hyung-Jin - Michael Kopchenov - Ora Lassila - Pierre G Richard - Rael Dornfest - Satoshi Nakamura - Yoshiyuki Kitahara 3: Introduce Observers 4: Review Agenda Jeremy requests charmod review before testcases (15/13) 5: Next telecon 10am Boston time, 03 May 2002 This is very close to WWW2002 -- may be scratched, but stands for now.  </s>
<s> 6: Review Minutes of 2002-04-19 See: APPROVED 7: Confirm Status of Completed Actions ACTION: 2001-08-02#9 2001-08-02#25 2001-08-02#26 2001-08-02#27 2001-08-02#28 2001-08-02#29 2001-08-02#30 2001-08-02#31 2001-08-02#32 2001-08-02#32 2001-08-02#17 2001-08-02#19 Dan Brickley Fold agreed changes into RDF Schema WD see: ACTION: 2002-02-08#4 PatH write up container proposal for common superproperty and put to the group for approval.  </s>
<s> ACTION: 2002-02-15#7 DaveB Add sections to the syntax wd addressing the resolution of issue dfms-uri-substructure ACTION: 2002-02-15#10 JanG Add test cases for the reification entailment decisions #1 and #2 to the test suite see: see: ACTION: 2002-02-25#4 DaveB rdfms-nested-bagID: update syntax WD to reflect decision ACTION: 2002-02-25#7 DaveB Emphasise in syntax WD that rdf:li is not allowed as an attribute ACTION: 2002-02-25#8 DaveB Update syntax doc to reflect decision that rdf:foo should generate warning ACTION: 2002-02-25#10 DaveB Update syntax doc to reflect xml:base same doc ref decision ACTION: 2002-02-25#13 DaveB Update syntax WD to reflect xml:base="http://example.org" decision ACTION: 2002-02-26#3 DaveB Update syntax doc to reflect decsision about structure of literals ACTION: 2002-02-26#7 DaveB Update test cases to reflect not-id-and-resource decision ACTION: 2002-03-15#3 JanG update test cases to reflect approval of xml:base test cases see: ACTION: 2002-03-15#5 JanG update test cases to reflect approval of rdfms-not-id-and-resource-attr see: ACTION: 2002-03-15#6 JanG update test cases to reflect approval of rdfms-nested-bagID see: ACTION: 2002-04-05#7 DaveB expand rdfms-rdf-names-use test cases ACTION: 2002-04-05#13 DaveB to add comment to syntax working draft that literals begininng with a combining character may cause interop problems... see charmod ACTION: 2002-04-19#6 aaron review schema see: ACTION: 2002-04-19#9 danbri make schema draft available monday see: ACTION: 2002-04-19#10 janG have test cases WD to review for Monday see: ACTION: 2002-04-19#15 danbri propose name for containerMembershipProperties superproerpty see: ACTION: 2002-04-19#19 brian accept chance to review charmod see: ALL CONFIRMED 8: Confirm Status of Withdrawn Actions ACTION: 2002-04-12#3 danbri produce schedule for schema to last call, by 19 Apr 2002 ALL CONFIRMED 9: outstanding issues - 9 left rdfs-xml-schema-datatypes rdfms-contexts rdfms-seq-representation rdf-charmod-uris rdfs-clarify-subClass-and-instance rdfs-isDefinedBy-semantics rdfs-editorial rdf-namespace-change faq-html-compliance See: ACTION 2002-04-26#1, Aaron: prepare proposal for rdfs-isDefinedBy-semantics ACTION 2002-04-26#2, Aaron: prepare proposal for rdfs-clarify-subClass-and-instance ?? ACTION 2002-04-26#3, DanBri: prepare response/proposal for rdfs-editorial ?? ACTION 2002-04-26#4, DanBri: Make proposal to close rdf-namespace-change 10: New publication rules Some changes to the publication rules are now being implemented.  </s>
<s> Eric has accepted action to create disclosures page.  </s>
<s> See: Eric notes that everybody should be aware of these changes, particularly the IPR disclosure requirements.  </s>
<s> Publishing deadline before WWW2002 is April 30.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-04-26#5, Eric: get IPR statements link in place by April 30 11: Document status Model Theory: PatH is running a little behind schedule Important changes: simplification of literals, expunged weasle wording about (un)asserted triples, some discussion of containers - not complete.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-04-26#6, PatH: If possible, submit new MT document to Eric for publication by 29 April, AM. Datatypes: bwm: need to take care that datatype spec and model theory don't say different things; some issues to be resolved between PatrickS and PatH about what the MT actually says No resolutions here.  </s>
<s> 12: Primer Frank: message sent out last night - new version 20020424 has all of material from reviewed version PLUS new section on PRISM plus editorial changes.  </s>
<s> See: Does not deal with use of rdf:value.  </s>
<s> Eric and Frank believe it's ready to publish.  </s>
<s> DanBri: hasn't reviewed schema section yet; would like warning on that ... or blanket warning about possible mis-sync between documents.  </s>
<s> PROPOSED: publish primer APPROVED ACTION 2002-04-26#7, Eric: Take primer as-is, and publish 13: Test Cases WD (see item 15, taken out of order) 2002-02-25#2 JanG Add test case for eg:prop rdf:ID="issue" eg:p1="foo" / to test cases draft 2002-02-25#3 JanG Review test cases in case changed by &amp;eg:prop rdf:ID="issue" eg:p1="foo" / decision 2002-02-25#9 JanG Ensure test cases for rdf:foo added to test cases WD 2002-02-25#11 JanG Add test case for xml:base same doc reference to test cases WD 2002-02-25#14 JanG update test cases to reflect xml:base="http://example.org" decision See: JanG: Several actions done, some awaiting checkin.  </s>
<s> Apart from test cases to-be-approved, content is pretty much final.  </s>
<s> DanC wants directions to implementers to tell them how to collect and submit test results.  </s>
<s> Response: mail them to rdf-comments.  </s>
<s> DaveB: in light of decisions on charmod [item 15] we need to change N-triples Also agreed to remove reference to IRI document.  </s>
<s> PROPOSED: Test cases WD should be approved for publication.  </s>
<s> APPROVED (DaveB will provide some text for changes required, JanG will have editorial discretion to get the document ready for publication.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-04-26#7, DaveB: provide revised test for test cases draft ACTION 2002-04-26#8, JanG: prepare test cases draft for publication, with editorial discretion ACTION 2002-04-26#9, EricM: publish test cases draft as revised 14: Schema WD Review comments.  </s>
<s> Are we ready to publish?  </s>
<s> See: DanBri: Current document not polished PROPOSED DanBri to publish, with editorial discretion to knock into better shape over the next couple of days APPROVED ACTION 2002-04-26#10, DanBri: publish schema WD ACTION 2002-04-26#11, bwm: per DanBri request, add issue of serialization to next meeting agenda 15: Issue: rdf-charmod-resources Propose approve test cases in: and close this issue.  </s>
<s> See:  </s>
<s> Discussion about whether URI should be %-escaped to US-ASCII, of left as Unicode in Normal Form C (NFC).  </s>
<s> No overwhelming opinion, but in absence of adequate guidance from I18N and other standards, we need to make a decision.  </s>
<s> PROPOSED: Leave URI reference as un-escaped Unicode (alternative is to convert to %-escaped US-ASCII) Opposed: bwm, aaronsw, josd Abstain: frankm All others agree or concur Some test cases (Item 13) resolved in light of this decision... 16: Test Cases Are we able to approve: See: (Item skipped) 17: defining literal equality See: (Item skipped) 18: daml:collection Dan has started a discussion: See: (Item skipped) --end--  </s>
<s> This is not my recollection.  </s>
<s> Did we agree there was inadequate guidance from the i18n folks?  </s>
<s> I thought we got clear guidance from them in Cannes.  </s>
<s> The issue was whether we were going to accept it or not.  </s>
<s> Brian  </s>
<s> That's maybe poorly phrased -- the issue, I think, was the lack of guidance in the form of a formal, stable specification (and that the informal advice seems to be changing over time).  </s>
<s> But I defer to those more intimately involved with charmod for an accurate assessment.  </s>
<s> #g Graham Klyne  </s>
