<s> Minutes of RDF Telecon July 26th 2002 Chair: Eric Miller Scribe: Jeremy Carroll (with assistance from Dave and Jan) SUMMARY DECISIONS DECISION rdf:ID matches the same as XML IDs.  </s>
<s> DECISION The WG agree the modified proposal of msg July 0080  </s>
<s> We plan to consider the new document (title still unknown) (editors) for publication as a WD next meeting.  </s>
<s> ACTIONS ACTION ericm Chase minutes of telecon of 19th July 2002.  </s>
<s> ACTION danbri Circulate a document re Lbase by Wednesday 31st July.  </s>
<s> ACTION jjc Update test case from colon in ID e-mail.  </s>
<s> ACTION dave Update syntax document to bring rdf:ID into line with xmlid ACTION jjc Create test case with number at start of ID. ACTION daveb to update syntax doc to reflect nodeID ACTION jjc to produce nodeID test cases ACTION daveB to update rdfms-names-use to reflect rdf:nodeID ACTION gk Release new draft of doc for Tuesday.  </s>
<s> ACTION ericm Review new document.  </s>
<s> ACTION danbri Review new document, particularly section 2.3.  </s>
<s> ACTION jos Review new document, particularly section 2.3.  </s>
<s> ACTION frank Review section 2.3 of new document .  </s>
<s> ACTION ericm Solicit more reviewers for new document on WG e-mail.  </s>
<s> DETAILS Agenda: http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/w3c-rdfcore-wg/2002Jul/0155.html  </s>
<s> IRC log below.  </s>
<s> 1: Volunteer scribe Jeremy 2: Roll Call Present: Eric Miller Dave Becket Jan Grant  </s>
<s> Frank Manola Steve Petchulat  </s>
<s> Dan Brickley Jeremy Carroll Graham Klyne Jos de Roo Mike Dean Regrets: Brian McBride Dan Connolly Pat Hayes Patrick Stickler is on holiday 3: Review Agenda No change, but changed under item 7. 4: Next telecon Aug 2nd 2002 5: Review minutes of 2002-07-19 teleconference no minutes yet IRC log: Appears that Patrick agreed to write up minutes.  </s>
<s> ACTION ericm Chase minutes of telecon of 19th July 2002.  </s>
<s> 6: Status of Action Items ACTION: danbri, eric Identify who owns the publishing next steps and responsibilities for LBase Note context: http://www.w3.org/2002/07/19-rdfcore-irc.html#T14-13-49  </s>
<s> ACTION danbri Circulate a document re Lbase by Wednesday 31st July.  </s>
<s> ACTION: jang update test cases in light of bugs /dd context: http://www.w3.org/2002/07/19-rdfcore-irc#T14-34-20 ACTION: eric Look into why jang gets dropped on rdf-comments list and fix problem context: http://www.w3.org/2002/07/19-rdfcore-irc#T14-35-21 continued.  </s>
<s> (Proposed Closed) ACTION: 2002-06-28#2 bwm get editors together, review contents of documents Jeremy asserted that he attended a telecon that was this meeting; the action is closed.  </s>
<s> 7) rdf:ID / rdf:node proposal Agenda discussion split this into: 7a) rdf:ID Dave: the issue is that xml id and rdf id are different.  </s>
<s> Propose to make them the same.  </s>
<s> On some readings of M&amp;S this makes RDF more restrictive in that XML IDs cannot begin with numbers.  </s>
<s> DECISION: rdf:ID matches the same as XML IDs.  </s>
<s> Abstention: Mike Dean.  </s>
<s> ACTION jjc Update test case from colon in ID e-mail.  </s>
<s> ACTION dave Update syntax document to bring rdf:ID into line with xmlid ACTION jjc Create test case with number at start of ID. 7b) rdf:node Proposal: Discussion, followed by minor mods to the proposal, and unaminous decision.  </s>
<s> The changes to the proposal were that + rdf:node is replaced by rdf:nodeID.  </s>
<s> + the value of rdf:nodeID must match the same as rdf:ID (which is the same as XML IDs).  </s>
<s> There was also discussion about whether applications had to store these IDs; the relationship to NTriple IDs.  </s>
<s> A substantive point was whether two new attributes or one should be used.  </s>
<s> Eric argued that each new attribute adds a significant pedagogical cost, and hence that one was better than two.  </s>
<s> DECISION The WG agree the modified proposal of msg July 0080 Carried unaminously (vocally).  </s>
<s> ACTION daveb to update syntax doc to reflect nodeID ACTION jjc to produce nodeID test cases ACTION daveB to update rdfms-names-use to reflect rdf:nodeID 8) New Document Graham talks through new document.  </s>
<s> see also Eric: the section 2.3 needs active review.  </s>
<s> Eric asked if this is ready to go out as a WD, and pointed out that the schedule is tight.  </s>
<s> Graham said yes, Jeremy nearly.  </s>
<s> ACTION gk Release new draft of doc for Tuesday.  </s>
<s> The plan is to try and OK its release as a WD next Friday.  </s>
<s> Reviewers.  </s>
<s> DaveB has already reviewed the document.  </s>
<s> ACTION ericm Review new document.  </s>
<s> ACTION danbri Review new document, particularly section 2.3.  </s>
<s> ACTION jos Review new document, particularly section 2.3.  </s>
<s> ACTION frank Review section 2.3 of new document .  </s>
<s> ACTION ericm Solicit more reviewers for new document on WG e-mail.  </s>
<s> 9) rdfns-assertion Not discussed, except for emphasis on reviewing section 2.3 10) Procedure for determining reserved vocabulary Skipped 11) Schedule and Process to Last Call Eric: dependency on datatypes is a problem.  </s>
<s> 12) Datatypes Proposed as main theme for next week.  </s>
<s> IRC LOG 13:00:05 logger_1 logger_1 has joined #rdfcore 13:00:05 irc.w3.org Users on #rdfcore: @logger_1 13:27:22 em em has joined #rdfcore 13:27:38 em em has changed the topic to: rdfcore teleconference - 2002-07-26 13:48:16 Zakim Zakim has joined #rdfcore 13:48:22 RRSAgent RRSAgent has joined #rdfcore 13:48:24 RRSAgent * RRSAgent is logging 13:48:32 em agenda +Volunteer scribe 13:48:33 Zakim * Zakim notes agendum 1 added 13:48:41 em agenda +Roll Call 13:48:42 Zakim * Zakim notes agendum 2 added 13:48:52 em Agenda +Review Agenda - 13:48:53 Zakim * Zakim notes agendum 3 added 13:49:04 em agenda + Next telecon Aug 2nd 2002 13:49:05 Zakim * Zakim notes agendum 4 added 13:49:28 em agenda +Review minutes of 2002-07-19 teleconference - (no minutes but log http://www.w3.org/2002/07/19-rdfcore-irc) 13:49:29 Zakim * Zakim notes agendum 5 added 13:49:42 em agenda +action item status 13:49:43 Zakim * Zakim notes agendum 6 added 13:49:55 danbri danbri has joined #rdfcore 13:50:00 em agenda +rdf:ID / rdf:node proposal - 13:50:01 Zakim * Zakim notes agendum 7 added 13:50:14 ilrt ilrt has joined #rdfcore 13:50:18 em agenda +New Document - 13:50:19 Zakim * Zakim notes agendum 8 added 13:50:31 em agenda +rdfns-assertion 13:50:32 Zakim * Zakim notes agendum 9 added 13:50:42 em agenda +Procedure for determining reserved vocabulary 13:50:43 Zakim * Zakim notes agendum 10 added 13:50:57 em agenda +Schedule and Process to Last Call 13:50:58 Zakim * Zakim notes agendum 11 added 13:51:01 em agenda +datatypes 13:51:02 Zakim * Zakim notes agendum 12 added 13:51:21 ilrt2 ilrt2 has joined #rdfcore 13:51:22 em * em we have to figure out how to get rdf agenda's into rrsagent.... 13:54:41 em * em heads for much needed coffee... back in a few 13:55:42 danbri * danbri too 13:55:51 danbri * danbri sympathising w/ boston timezone ;-) 13:56:08 gk-scribe gk-scribe has joined #rdfcore 13:56:16 gk-scribe gk-scribe is now known as gk 13:57:12 em * em thanks gk for his excellent prep work 13:57:43 em zakim, list conferences.  </s>
<s> 13:57:44 Zakim I see SW_RDFCore()10:00AM, WAI_EOWG()8:30AM 13:57:53 em zakim, this is SW_RDFCore.  </s>
<s> 13:57:54 Zakim sorry, em, I do not see a conference named 'SW_RDFCore.' 13:57:57 em zakim, this is SW 13:57:58 Zakim ok, em 13:58:05 em zakim, who is here?  </s>
<s> 13:58:06 Zakim On the phone I see EricM 13:58:07 Zakim On IRC I see gk, ilrt2, ilrt, danbri, RRSAgent, Zakim, em, logger_1 13:58:27 gk * gk dialling... 14:00:45 Zakim +??P3 14:01:01 Zakim +Manola 14:01:02 Zakim +??P11 14:01:09 ilrt ilrt is now known as DaveB 14:01:13 ilrt2 ilrt2 is now known as jang 14:01:20 gk * gk GK, just joined (??P11 ?) 14:02:57 em zakim, who is here?  </s>
<s> 14:02:58 Zakim On the phone I see EricM, ??P3, Manola, ??P11 14:02:59 Zakim On IRC I see gk, jang, DaveB, danbri, RRSAgent, Zakim, em, logger_1 14:03:02 danbri * danbri dialing 14:03:25 jang zakim, don't pick me!  </s>
<s> 14:03:26 Zakim I don't understand 'don't pick me!', jang.  </s>
<s> Try /msg Zakim help 14:03:56 danbri zakim, exempt.add(danbri,'wrists  </s>
<s> hurt') 14:03:57 Zakim I don't understand 'exempt.add(danbri,'wrists  </s>
<s> hurt')', danbri.  </s>
<s> Try /msg Zakim help 14:04:26 Zakim +??P13 14:04:32 Zakim +DanBri 14:04:40 em zakim, +??P13 is jjc 14:04:41 Zakim sorry, em, I do not recognize a party named '+??P13' 14:05:02 jang zakim, ??P13 is jjc 14:05:04 Zakim +Jjc; got it 14:05:06 Zakim +??P12 14:05:08 connolly connolly has joined #rdfcore 14:05:22 connolly * connolly is a little slow booting up; reviews agenda... 14:05:32 DaveB DaveB is now known as DaveB-scr 14:05:37 em agenda?  </s>
<s> 14:05:38 Zakim * Zakim sees 12 items remaining on the agenda: 14:05:39 Zakim * Zakim 1. Volunteer scribe [from em] 14:05:40 Zakim * Zakim 2. Roll Call [from em] 14:05:41 Zakim * Zakim 3. Review Agenda - [from em] 14:05:43 Zakim * Zakim 4. Next telecon Aug 2nd 2002 [from em] 14:05:44 Zakim * Zakim 5. Review minutes of 2002-07-19 teleconference - (no minutes but log http://www.w3.org/2002/07/19-rdfcore-irc) [from em] 14:05:47 Zakim * Zakim 6. action item status [from em] 14:05:48 Zakim * Zakim 7. rdf:ID / rdf:node proposal - [from em] 14:05:51 Zakim * Zakim 8. New Document - 14:05:53 Zakim * Zakim 9. rdfns-assertion [from em] 14:05:54 Zakim * Zakim 10. Procedure for determining reserved vocabulary [from em] 14:05:56 Zakim * Zakim 11.  </s>
<s> Schedule and Process to Last Call [from em] 14:05:58 Zakim * Zakim 12. datatypes [from em] 14:06:11 DaveB-scr jjc scribe 14:06:14 em zakim, who is here?  </s>
<s> 14:06:15 Zakim On the phone I see EricM, ??P3, Manola, ??P11, DanBri, Jjc, ??P12 14:06:15 DaveB-scr (daveb doing for now) 14:06:16 Zakim On IRC I see connolly, gk, jang, DaveB-scr, danbri, RRSAgent, Zakim, em, logger_1 14:06:46 em gk is here 14:06:53 em stevep is here 14:06:58 em daveb and jan are also here 14:07:02 gk zakim, ??P11 is GK 14:07:04 Zakim +GK; got it 14:07:05 DaveB-scr rollcall complete 14:07:09 DaveB-scr review agenda 14:07:25 DaveB-scr item 4 14:07:43 DaveB-scr donm, 2 august 14:07:50 jjcscribe jjcscribe has joined #rdfcore 14:07:57 jang reg bwm (holidaY0 jos \ 14:08:08 jjcscribe I am on now.  </s>
<s> 14:08:18 jjcscribe reg danc 14:08:19 DaveB-scr regrets josd 14:08:24 DaveB-scr DaveB-scr is now known as DaveB 14:08:28 jang [excuse poor trying, imac ketbroad] 14:08:39 jjcscribe Minutes Last Telecon 14:08:53 jjcscribe Patrick agreed to do minutes but they are missing 14:09:09 jjcscribe ACTION ericm Chase minutes of last telecon 14:09:20 jjcscribe Current record is IRC log 14:10:30 Zakim +Mike_Dean 14:10:46 jjcscribe ACTION danbri versus LBase 14:11:04 jjcscribe dan will circulate something before Wednesday 14:11:37 jjcscribe This will be a note coming out of the WG discussion 14:12:32 jjcscribe ACTION: jang update test cases - continued 14:12:34 RRSAgent * RRSAgent records action 1 14:12:50 jjcscribe ACTION: eric Look into why jang ... continued 14:12:51 RRSAgent * RRSAgent records action 2 14:13:47 jjcscribe 2002-06-28# closed 14:13:55 jjcscribe Because close 14:14:56 Zakim +??P15 14:15:17 jjcscribe Jos joined 14:15:20 jjcscribe Agenda item 7 14:15:23 DaveB regrets were from PatH 14:16:01 jjcscribe New agenda item 7a rdf:ID 14:16:08 jang jjc: 14:16:17 jang my take is that xml NS production is the correct one 14:16:24 jang ie, a ns name, without the colon 14:16:34 jang djb: we've been over this, can't we decide it?  </s>
<s> 14:16:36 danbri Oh., em, Agenda request: Namespaces 1.1 LC review.  </s>
<s> 14:16:38 jang dave: anyone object?  </s>
<s> 14:16:49 jang frankm: what's the issue again?  </s>
<s> 14:16:50 em ok, danbri so noted 14:16:57 gk NCName 14:16:58 gk ::= 14:16:58 gk (Letter | '_') (NCNameChar)* 14:16:58 gk An XML Name, minus the ":" */ 14:16:59 em agenda +Namespace 1.1 14:17:00 Zakim * Zakim notes agendum 13 added 14:17:00 jang jjc: test case sent to wg the other day... just looking for it 14:17:30 jang daveb: the issue is that xml id and rdf id take different sets of characters 14:17:33 jang they shold be the same 14:17:39 jang then xml schema can validate it 14:17:44 jang em: objections?  </s>
<s> 14:17:58 danbri re aggendum 13, see Namespaces 1.1 LC plan: W3C Member passwd) 14:18:07 jang decision: this is obvious, we should do this?  </s>
<s> 14:18:32 jang jjc points to message 0148 from this month 14:19:24 DaveB xml id and rdf id in the syntax take differetn set of charcater 14:19:30 DaveB I propose that we make them the same 14:19:39 DaveB and then we can use w3x xsl to validate it.  </s>
<s> 14:20:00 jang mike: issues with some tools: ids can't begin with numbers?  </s>
<s> 14:20:06 jang currently allowed by rdf, not xml 14:20:11 jang daveb: that's the change 14:20:28 jang miked: rdf is becoming more restrictive here, right?  </s>
<s> 14:20:32 jjcscribe mike: rdf is becoming more restrictive 14:20:53 jjcscribe consider ssn or zip code 14:21:05 connolly * connolly thought rdf IDs had to start with letters all along 14:21:16 em q+ 14:21:17 Zakim * Zakim sees Em on the speaker queue 14:22:22 DaveB connolly: was ambiguous, as jjc explaining on the telcon 14:22:28 DaveB can't find ptrs to more just this sec 14:22:50 jjcscribe Abstentions: miked 14:23:00 jjcscribe Proposal carried.  </s>
<s> 14:23:10 jjcscribe ACTION jjc update test case 14:23:15 connolly * connolly thinks it's kinda silly, not to mention very painful, that XML IDs have to start with letters 14:23:24 DaveB (jjc: can you split test cases so one thing tested rather than two?) 14:23:41 jjcscribe ACTION dave update syntax 14:23:53 mdean mdean has joined #rdfcore 14:23:54 connolly * connolly wonders what proposal carried 14:23:57 JosD JosD has joined #rdfcore 14:24:14 jjcscribe ACTION jjc include test case with numeric ID 14:24:20 DaveB connolly: the three lines I typed higher up "xml id ..." up to "validate it" 14:24:21 gk * gk DanC: proposal to limit RDF IDs to same form as XML IDs, I think 14:24:54 jang item 7b 14:25:03 jang jjc has simple proposal for rdf:node 14:25:09 jang doesn't address all aspect sof the syntax 14:25:18 connolly * connolly is happy to see the coin officially flipped, for IDs 14:25:21 jang but it solves the bulk of the roundtripping problem 14:25:28 jang a number of choicepoints highlighted in the email... 14:25:35 jang ..we could discuss those here... chair?  </s>
<s> 14:25:46 jang em: want to get this finished.  </s>
<s> 14:25:56 jang that being said, don't know if people consider this a no-brainer 14:26:08 jang one choice-point seems obvious, the rest less so 14:26:28 jang chair's position was not to reopen at this time, but if a slam-0dunk then reopen and finish it 14:26:31 danbri this= rdf:node idea?  </s>
<s> 14:26:33 jang is this a slam dunk?  </s>
<s> 14:26:37 DaveB yes 14:26:38 jang yes 14:26:45 jang (yes to danbri) 14:26:48 DaveB (not agreeing, replying to danbri) 14:26:57 danbri * danbri nods, just checking 14:27:02 jang jjc: there is a proposal 14:27:06 danbri * danbri tring to fix www-rdf-comments mail thing for jang 14:27:09 jang which is moderately long but is complete, I think 14:27:23 jang that we add the file-scope identifier for a blank node as an attribute 14:27:33 jang we can label subject or object with such an attribute.  </s>
<s> 14:27:39 jang that's about it 14:27:44 em danbri, please do not deal with the comments thing - please focus on the meeting at hand 14:27:44 danbri (rdf:node is what rdf:ID should've been) 14:27:49 jang em: comments?  </s>
<s> 14:27:53 danbri * danbri done 14:28:02 jang frank: question: concerning the use of xml strings as blank-node identifiers?  </s>
<s> 14:28:16 jang jjc: i could have been more restrictive tthan just @xml strings@ 14:28:32 jang daveb; coincidentally, the ntriples IDs are also xml ids 14:28:46 jang frank: how do you distinguish it as a blank node id? 14:28:53 jang danbri: a new attribute for it 14:29:15 jang daveb: shouldn't look like a uri 14:29:25 jang should look like rdf:id 14:29:33 jang jjc: ntriples is us-ascii, 14:29:42 jang we should allow id's as e-acute, etc. 14:29:55 jang danbri: ntriples is just a test format 14:30:10 jang jjc: there's no reason why these have _anything_ to do with ntriples identifiers 14:30:18 jang it's just another syntax 14:30:30 jang if the id's don't survive roundtripping because they just label a blank node... 14:30:36 jang not a problem 14:30:44 jang em: what's the risk if we don't have this?  </s>
<s> 14:30:57 jang jjc: there are real users who really want to write rdf/xml that they've read in 14:31:03 jang in a programmatic sense 14:31:16 jang and at some point they need blank node ids to do that in certain circumstances 14:31:24 jang if they assign a uri then the meaning has changed 14:31:31 jang they might do something nonstandard 14:31:44 jang in jena, we're feeling increasing pressure to do something nonstandard 14:31:50 jang which we'd rather not do 14:32:09 jang danbri: ntriples are increasingly attractive because they're the only roundtrippable format 14:32:23 jang jjc: if we don't do this then the user community is being effectively forced to use ntriples 14:32:29 jang even though we don't endorse it 14:32:30 danbri zakim, q+ rdf:node 14:32:31 Zakim I see Em, Rdf:node on the speaker queue 14:32:34 danbri doh 14:32:39 em ack em 14:32:40 Zakim * Zakim sees Rdf:node on the speaker queue 14:32:40 danbri zakim, q- rdf:node 14:32:41 Zakim I see no one on the speaker queue 14:32:42 jang \frank: the roundtripping is rdf/xml - somehitng, - rdf/xml 14:32:49 danbri zakim, q+ 14:32:50 Zakim I see Danbri on the speaker queue 14:33:05 jang I want to read rdfxml, store it, generate it 14:33:13 jang if blank node ids are allowed to look like uris?  </s>
<s> 14:33:29 jang what i have to do (i think) is adopt some nonstandard approach to store these?  </s>
<s> 14:33:38 jang danbri: it's inside your db implementation 14:33:42 gk If we adopt them, I think graph-scope IDs should be limited to N-triple allowed form, I18N not needed because its a machine notion, not human-readable.  </s>
<s> This seems simplest effective approach.  </s>
<s> 14:33:50 jang jjc: jena has effectively a bit on every resource indicating the label type 14:34:40 jang danbri: have same syntactic constraints as we do on rdf:id 14:34:50 jang there are few things I've really cared about as an implementor 14:34:54 jang this is one of those 14:34:57 gk I think the compelling case for this feature is to provide applications a standard way to communicate arbitrary graphs.  </s>
<s> 14:34:59 jang I can load, query, merge, etc. rdf 14:35:03 jang but I can't dump it back as a file 14:35:09 jang it's honestly embarrassing 14:35:35 jang em: unless we standardise ntriples, with i18n etc. this kind of mechanism is necessary 14:35:38 DaveB maybe rdf:nodeID ?  </s>
<s> 14:35:42 jang (yesses ) 14:35:45 danbri yes, I like rdf:nodeID 14:35:56 jang em: I like danbri's suggestion of synchronising with rdf:id 14:36:01 danbri This is really the continuation of our cleanup re anonymous/blank resources.  </s>
<s> 14:36:07 jang jjc: I'm happy with node id 14:36:17 gk q+ 14:36:19 Zakim * Zakim sees Danbri, Gk on the speaker queue 14:36:27 jang then we restrict to string syntax of rdf:id (= xml:id) 14:36:28 jjcscribe rdf:nodeID 14:36:39 jang daveb: frank - much rewriting on the primer?  </s>
<s> 14:36:45 jang frank: er, there will be some... 14:36:57 jang I'd like a clear explanation of what the change is... 14:37:05 jang in particular, what these node ids are going to look like 14:37:15 jang em: premature, i think ,without that being written up 14:37:24 connolly er... nodeID and nodeRef?  </s>
<s> or do you use nodeID in both places?  </s>
<s> note you can't use rdf:resource to refer to these things.  </s>
<s> 14:37:28 jang davbe: isn't that's jjc's proposal plus the amendments we're discussing?  </s>
<s> 14:37:33 DaveB connolly: rdf:nodeID in both 14:37:36 connolly ew 14:37:48 em - 14:37:49 connolly oh well 14:37:51 gk * gk DanC, I think that's a remaining choice point that I am queued to raise 14:37:56 DaveB haven't decided yet DanC 14:38:07 connolly connolly is now known as DanC 14:38:25 jang (quick rummage through mailing lists...) 14:38:39 jang frankm: this doesn't mention what's in the primer about blank nodes 14:38:56 jang because we're talking about generating those ids, not explicitly identifying them 14:39:01 em * em wonders who is taking the call in the playground?  </s>
<s> 14:39:11 jang jjc: the proposal is that the blank nodes remain blank 14:39:24 jang we just want to allow a file to refer to the same blank node in two places\ 14:39:40 jang there's some push to allow blank nodes with a @global@ scope identifier.  </s>
<s> that's _not_ the proposal 14:39:55 jjcscribe the playground is me ... 14:40:00 jang frankm: you're being allowed to explicitly specify an id for a blank node 14:40:02 jang right?  </s>
<s> 14:40:13 jang secondly: are you always required to specify an id for a blank node?  </s>
<s> 14:40:24 jang or are the current syntactic abbrevs still allowed?  </s>
<s> 14:40:35 danbri hmm, rdf:nodeID seems ok for having something to point to.  </s>
<s> But how (re dan's questoin) do we point to it?  </s>
<s> 14:40:52 em q? 14:40:53 Zakim * Zakim sees Danbri, Gk on the speaker queue 14:40:58 danbri q- 14:40:59 DaveB I don't mind, rdf:resourceID/resourceRef - hmm 14:40:59 Zakim * Zakim sees Gk on the speaker queue 14:41:15 em ack gk 14:41:16 Zakim * Zakim sees no one on the speaker queue 14:41:18 jang jjc: second question: the answer is not required 14:41:31 jang jang: first question: no suggestion that blank node id -strings_ survive a roundtripping 14:41:43 danbri The proposal doesn't mention resourceID or similar; is the proposal incomplete?  </s>
<s> 14:41:56 jang gk: jjc's said it's not necessary to have different names for rdf:nodeid and rdf:nodeidref 14:42:06 jang but is it worth having two attributes for subject and object?  </s>
<s> 14:42:21 jang jjc: the proposal is to use the same attribute twice 14:42:49 jang danbri; I've often wished rdf:about and rdf:resouce were just rdf:webid 14:42:57 jang jjc: it makes the striping easier to see 14:43:08 jang taking the opposite viewpoint is maybe perverse...? 14:43:12 danbri I like it.  </s>
<s> 14:43:19 jang gk; both work technically, just from a pedagogical pov, which is better?  </s>
<s> 14:43:28 jang nodeid and nodeidref work for me (gk) 14:43:31 DaveB gk mentions rdf:nodeIDref 14:43:32 DaveB oh 14:43:43 jang jjc: my muse deserted me, i only came up with one name 14:44:35 jang (the "bnode" terminology is almost resurrected... but not) 14:44:52 jang em: is the view of the group this is (a) important, and (b) this is the way to do it?  </s>
<s> 14:45:01 jang decisions in then to get this into the spec, right?  </s>
<s> 14:45:16 jang em: this puts timescales at risk, so if we can agree... 14:45:20 jang and I think we have... 14:45:25 jang let's make the decision now, ok? 14:45:35 jang otherwise, this is no longer a slam-dunk 14:45:41 jang (frank: it's a three-point-shot) 14:45:55 jang jjc: my full resolution of msg 0080 14:45:59 jang with node replaced by nodeid 14:46:10 jang and nodeid attr value the same restrictions as rdf:id attr value?  </s>
<s> 14:46:37 jang that should be rdf:nodeID 14:46:40 gk Do we have separate attribute for subj/obj?  </s>
<s> 14:46:43 DaveB no 14:47:00 jang jjc: personally, I prefer not 14:47:04 jang danbri: not 14:47:37 jang mike: symmetry argument?  </s>
<s> 14:47:42 jang with resource, about?  </s>
<s> 14:48:20 jang jjc asks for suggestions.. nodeabout, noderef, bid, babout, etc. 14:48:28 jang none meet with much agreement 14:48:39 jang s/much/any 14:49:08 jang em: stick with one.  </s>
<s> it'll hurt, but big payoff 14:49:14 jang with two, hurts much more for the same benefit 14:49:51 em zakim, who is here?  </s>
<s> 14:49:52 Zakim On the phone I see EricM, ??P3, Manola, GK, DanBri, Jjc, ??P12, Mike_Dean, ??P15 14:49:53 Zakim On IRC I see JosD, mdean, jjcscribe, DanC, gk, jang, DaveB, danbri, RRSAgent, Zakim, em, logger_1 14:50:03 jang yesses to the revised proposal above... 14:50:09 jang em asks for no's?  </s>
<s> 14:50:12 jang abstentions?  </s>
<s> 14:50:19 jang none and none, respectively 14:50:35 jang agreement.  </s>
<s> congrats, jeremy.  </s>
<s> 14:50:45 jang (the actions are in the resolution...) 14:50:57 jang action: daveb to update syntax doc to reflect nodeID 14:51:04 jang action: jjc to produce test cases 14:51:08 jang (on nodeID) 14:51:21 jang action daveB to update syntax to bring rdfid into line with xmlid 14:51:31 gk See: 14:51:37 jang [want to scribe again jjc?] 14:51:52 jjcscribe action daveB to update rdfms-names-use to reflect rdf:nodeID 14:53:03 Zakim Zakim has quit 14:53:22 jjcscribe Graham talks through new doc.  </s>
<s> 14:53:36 jjcscribe em: the section 2.3 needs activ review 14:53:52 jjcscribe (next agenda item) 14:54:29 jjcscribe Where Dave has suggested pointing to syntax doc we will, 14:54:40 jjcscribe but unclear exactly where 14:54:48 jang [note: could do with this living somewhere under w3-space so that TC doc can refer to it normatively... in the near future] 14:55:07 jjcscribe Section 4.2 fragment IDs is new material that needs atcive WG agreement 14:56:00 danbri points to a 404 14:56:04 jang [unavailable for review, out of the country next week, sorry] 14:56:47 DaveB I asked gk to post to www-archive, should be a copy there 14:57:05 jjcscribe Isn't that done?  </s>
<s> 14:57:19 danbri * danbri thought he saw something there, yup 14:57:24 jjcscribe em: is this ready to go out as a WD? 14:57:31 jjcscribe gk: yes, jjc: nearly 14:57:39 DaveB gk's doc - 14:57:44 DaveB gk/jjc's 25/ july doc 14:57:50 danbri (beat me to it, ta) 14:58:15 DaveB q+ 14:58:22 jjcscribe ACTION gk release doc on Tuesday 14:58:26 DaveB hmm, no Zakim - nevermind 14:58:52 jjcscribe who can review this for Friday?  </s>
<s> 14:58:52 Zakim Zakim has joined #rdfcore 14:59:07 danbri I re-invited Zakim; don't know why it left, or whether it lost state.  </s>
<s> 14:59:10 danbri zakim, who is here?  </s>
<s> 14:59:11 Zakim sorry, danbri, I don't know what conference this is 14:59:12 Zakim On IRC I see Zakim, JosD, mdean, jjcscribe, DanC, gk, jang, DaveB, danbri, RRSAgent, em, logger_1  </s>
<s> 14:59:24 gk BTW, proposed title: Miscellanea and Abstract Data Model  </s>
<s> 14:59:38 jang RDF MADM?  </s>
<s> 15:00:09 em q? 15:00:10 Zakim * Zakim sees no one on the speaker queue 15:00:25 jjcscribe DaveB has pretty much reviewed it.  </s>
<s> 15:00:39 jjcscribe Are there two more?  </s>
<s> 15:00:47 jang [needs rdf:nodeID in section 3.7] 15:00:48 jjcscribe ACTION ericm Review document.  </s>
<s> 15:01:14 jjcscribe 3.7 could be in syntax doc?  </s>
<s> 15:01:24 jjcscribe ACTION danbri Review document.  </s>
<s> 15:01:33 jang yep 15:01:50 danbri (noting that I'm not 100% confident I'll manage it, but want to and will try my best to...) 15:02:02 DaveB em: timecheck 15:03:02 jjcscribe ACTION jos Partial review (emphasis on section 2.3) 15:03:13 jjcscribe ACTION danbri Review of section 2.3 15:03:26 danbri ie. 15:03:53 jjcscribe ACTION ericm Solicit reviews on rdf-core wg 15:04:03 jjcscribe ACTION frank Review section 2.3 15:05:35 jjcscribe em: last call scheculde - problem is datatypes.  </s>
<s> 15:07:20 jang bye folks, thanks.  </s>
<s> 15:07:28 jjcscribe Possible theme for next week is datatypes.  </s>
<s> 15:07:35 jjcscribe adjourned.  </s>
<s> 15:07:51 jang jang has quit 15:07:59 gk DaveB, can you point me to vocab list in syntax doc pls?  </s>
<s> 15:08:10 DaveB hold on 15:09:36 gk Ta .. (I lose track of where to find the latest working version) 15:10:00 mdean mdean has quit 15:10:12 gk zakim, who is her5e?  </s>
<s> 15:10:13 Zakim I don't understand your question, gk. 15:10:16 gk zakim, who is here?  </s>
<s> 15:10:17 Zakim sorry, gk, I don't know what conference this is 15:10:18 Zakim On IRC I see Zakim, JosD, jjcscribe, DanC, gk, DaveB, danbri, RRSAgent, em, logger_1 15:10:43 danbri zakim loststate when dropped off channel.  </s>
<s> 15:10:52 danbri anyone know what happend?  </s>
<s> 15:11:54 DaveB 3.4 15:11:58 DaveB is where rdf namespace defined 15:12:00 DaveB and has all the terms 15:12:10 DaveB in the editor's draft, there are expansions and updates 15:13:58 DaveB editor's draft version 15:14:09 DaveB with collection stuff - first, rest, nil 15:15:36 DaveB end of chat 15:15:38 DaveB DaveB has quit 15:18:06 JosD JosD has quit 15:23:06 DanC DanC has left #rdfcore 15:25:40 gk gk has quit  </s>
<s> I note that there seems to be two missing actions that were implicit but not agreed at the telecon.  </s>
<s> ACTION gk Propose another title for new document.  </s>
<s> ACTION ericm Ask for director approval for publishing new document.  </s>
<s> Do we need these?  </s>
<s> (If we need the second, then I suspect we need the first, with a consensus step that needs e-mail acks).  </s>
<s> Jeremy  </s>
<s> My current working suggestion is: Resource Description Framework (RDF): Miscellanea and Abstract Data Model  </s>
<s> #g Graham Klyne  </s>
<s> "Miscellanea"? Rhymes with "mania"!  </s>
<s> NO! AGAINST!  </s>
<s> GAG!  </s>
<s> Other expressions of opposition as required!  </s>
<s> (I thought Pot was illegal over there.)  </s>
<s> --Frank (mumble)  </s>
<s> Frank Manola The MITRE Corporation 202 Burlington Road, MS A345 Bedford, MA 01730-1420  </s>
<s> It's being reclassified as "Class C". Politicians point out that this is *not* de facto legalization.  </s>
<s> (If they need to say it, some might say that the opposite must be true).  </s>
<s> Jeremy  </s>
<s> OK, that wasn't a great word.  </s>
<s> Do you have any other ideas that adequately reflect that this document does contain significant material in addition to the abstract data model?  </s>
<s> Currently, we're favouring: Resource Description Framework (RDF): Concepts and Abstract Data Model #g  </s>
<s> Graham Klyne  </s>
