<s> I promised a publishable version of the MT by Wednesday, but I may be a day late, as today was a lost day due to unforseen complexities.  </s>
<s> Sorry.  </s>
<s> Also, I will be unable to take part in the WG activities between 20 Sept and 14 Oct, including telecons, so would ask someone to take  </s>
<s> over the shepherding of the MT document through the W3C publication process once it is approved by the WG.  </s>
<s> It should be in workable HTML and need only very minimal editing.  </s>
<s> BTW, there is also the matter of whether rdf:SubClassOf should permit loops.  </s>
<s> As I have been acting as liason between the WG and the DAML+OIL committee on this issue, and think it is important, could I ask that someone else be willing to, er, shepherd it along while I will be away?  </s>
<s> Ora Lassila has been involved in all the relevant discussions at both end and may be willing do so.  </s>
<s> Pat (650)859 6569 w (650)494 3973 h (until September) phayes@ai.uwf.edu  </s>
<s> While I'm not on the DAML+OIL committee, I would certainly be happy to help in whatever way I can on this end.  </s>
<s> (I already have an action to contact Sergey on this issue; I've sent email, and will try phone later).  </s>
<s> --Frank snip  </s>
<s> Frank Manola The MITRE Corporation 202 Burlington Road, MS A345 Bedford, MA 01730-1420  </s>
<s> Cancel that.  </s>
<s> I was planning to travel to France for a holiday, but have decided to put that off until things calm down, so I will be here and can continue WG activities.  </s>
<s> Pat IHMC(850)434 8903 home 40 South Alcaniz St.(850)202 4416 office phayes@ai.uwf.edu  </s>
