<s> [IF YOU FOLLOW UP TO DISCUSS A SPECIFIC ISSUE (rather than to report its status), CHANGE THE SUBJECT]  </s>
<s> I got the impression that our telcon agendas should somewhat parallel the "Currently Active Issues" section of our issues list but I'm having trouble making the correspondence lately.  </s>
<s> Focus on the issues list has, happily, been diverted by the release of all these WDs, and I'm happy to see it take a back seat to the primer for a bit too...  </s>
<s> But now that we have some drafts out, I've been looking at the issues list to see how many of them are addressed by our drafts... or how many of them at least have a clear home in one of the drafts...  </s>
<s> Starting with the "Currently Active Issues"  </s>
<s> rdfms-not-id-and-resource-attr: The propertyElt production 6.12  </s>
<s> of the grammar does not allow both an ID attribute and a resource attribute to be specified (owner Dave Beckett) This clearly should be addressed by the syntax spec.  </s>
<s> I suggest adding an appendix to the syntax spec (among others) that enumerates issues addressed by  </s>
<s> the spec, with a pointer into the issues list and a pointer to the section of the spec that addresses it.  </s>
<s> Hmm... this issue isn't mentioned in "2.3.  </s>
<s> Approved Test Cases" in the test cases spec.  </s>
<s> I thought we had resolved this one, but I don't see any evidence that we have (though I haven't checked the meeing records).  </s>
<s> Dave? What's the status of this?  </s>
<s> rdfms-difference-between-ID-and-about: What is the difference between using an rdf:ID attribute to 'create' a new resource and an rdf:about attribute to refer to it?  </s>
<s> (Aaron Swartz) This is done, right?  </s>
<s> There's a test case in the testing WD;  </s>
<s> it was marked "unapproved" but we approved it recently, no? Hmm... maybe that was something else we approved.  </s>
<s> There's a "Resolution" section in but it doesn't provide any evidence that the WG made that resolution.  </s>
<s> Also, I would quibble with the "URI-encoded form of" language.  </s>
<s> The test cases address this issue to my satisfaction, but perhaps this issue should stay open until the syntax spec has a formal description of how to convert RDF/xml syntax to n-triples.  </s>
<s> Aaron? rdf-terminologicus: The RDF community needs a precise terminology to enable it to discuss issues.(Martyn  </s>
<s> Horner) I don't see how we could consider this closed until all our work is done.  </s>
<s> I double-checked the issue summary to see if the folks who raised it had something less than all-the-worlds-problems in mind, but they don't.  </s>
<s> I suggest taking this off the front-burner (i.e. the "currently active" list).  </s>
<s> Or maybe it'll get significant attention in the context of the primer.  </s>
<s> rdfms-identity-anon-resources: What URI, if any, identifies an anonymous resource?  </s>
<s> (Graham Klyne) I suggest this is addressed by the model theory spec.  </s>
<s> I propose to close it during tomorrow's "3: Congratulate Pat on the publication of the Model Theory WD" item.  </s>
<s> rdfms-graph: Formal description of the properties of an RDF graph.  </s>
<s> This seems to have a home in the model theory spec, but given the feedback from Peter et. al., I don't suppose we've adequately addressed it.  </s>
<s> How did it get on the active list without an owner, I wonder?  </s>
<s> It seems intimately related to That issue is under "Postponed" in the issues list, but I can't find any evidence of a WG decision to postpone it.  </s>
<s> I've been asked, in our Semantic Web Advanced Development discussions, to take a particular position on this one.  </s>
<s> I haven't made up my mind yet, but I suppose should send my thoughts to the WG in any case.  </s>
<s> rdfms-xmllang: Why isn't xml:lang information represented within the RDF data model?  </s>
<s> Hmm... no owner.  </s>
<s> It clearly seems to fit in the syntax spec, though.  </s>
<s> Mr. Chair, please either recruit an owner (maybe the editor(s) of the syntax spec?) or take it off the active list.  </s>
<s> rdfms-literals-as-resources: Consider replacing literals with resources whose URI uses the data: URI scheme.  </s>
<s> This seems to belong in the model theory pile, along with rdfms-graph.  </s>
<s> rdfms-literal-is-xml-structure : A literal containing XML markup is not a simple string, but is an XML structure.  </s>
<s> Jeremy seems to be leading the charge on a related topic (2001-09-07#5 Literals); I'd like it if he'd explicitly address this issue in his proposal.  </s>
<s> Brian, how did this get on the active list without an owner?  </s>
<s> Any suggestion about its status?  </s>
<s> rdfs-domain-and-range: Should a property be allowed more than one rdfs:range property?  </s>
<s> What should the semantics of multiple domain and range properties be?  </s>
<s> (Dan Brickley) This is all over but the crying.  </s>
<s> I suggest the chairs move this to the "closed" section, with pointers to whatever supporting materials are relevant (i.e. decision record, test cases...)  </s>
<s> Oops... do we have test cases for this one?  </s>
<s> Danbri?  </s>
<s> rdfs-domain-unconstrained: The rdfs:domain and rdfs:range constraints for rdfs:domain are missing from the RDF Schema for RDF Schema (Dan Brickley) status, Danbri?  </s>
<s> rdfms-uri-substructure: xmlns, uri+name pairs or just uris..? Clarification needed (Sergey Melnik) rdfs-no-cycles-in-subClassOf: Cycles of subClassOf properties are prohibited (Frank Manola) I suggest the chairs find the test cases and close this one too.  </s>
<s> By the way... is anybody working on an RDF version of the issues list?  </s>
<s> (say... scraped from the HTML one?)  </s>
<s> Dan Connolly, W3C http://www.w3.org/People/Connolly/  </s>
<s> Although I'm not Danbri, I did make some testcases at but the feedback somewhere went into the "RDFS entailment test" direction (which is nice BTW).  </s>
<s> If people can live with test001 and test002 as at we could proceed now (and extend as we go).  </s>
<s> Jos De Roo, AGFA http://www.agfa.com/w3c/jdroo/  </s>
<s> Dan, This is all great stuff, and I'm grateful.  </s>
<s> The issues list is not as uptodate as I'd like and needs some attention.  </s>
<s> And if I may humbly add, follow Dan's example and create a new thread (i.e. don't reply)  </s>
<s> Good point.  </s>
<s> DaveB has been suggesting we assign issues to the docs too.  </s>
<s> What I had in mind to do was to ask the editors to say which ones they felt would be covered by their docs and then see what overlap/underlap their might be.  </s>
<s> Looks like you've given us a start.  </s>
<s> However, I do think we have a process issue to resolve which you brought up earlier around what docs we are aiming to have.  </s>
<s> Err, that might be why its under currently open issues.  </s>
<s> No.  </s>
<s> That's a good idea.  </s>
<s> With the decision to fold Martyn's work into the primer that seems a reasonable thing to do.  </s>
<s> Martyn - you ok with that?  </s>
<s> I hope you are right that we can close this one.  </s>
<s> I felt we needed to await Sergey's return before putting it on the agenda.  </s>
<s> I'm a wee bit nervous making sure we are procedurally correct in closing such an issue which has been so controversial and this was not on the agenda for this week.  </s>
<s> Can I suggest we action Graham, the issue owner, to propose formal resolution at the next telecon.  </s>
<s> And when its passed we all heave a collective sigh of relief :)  </s>
<s> No - but we've made enormous progress :)  </s>
<s> I guess I put it there, probably because it was clearly active and no-one volunteered to own it.  </s>
<s> Pat - can we put your name against it?  </s>
<s> On a quick look neither can I. My fault.  </s>
<s> I will find the decision or restore it for consideration.  </s>
<s> Can you tell from the CVS diffs when it got moved to postponed - that will help narrow the search.  </s>
<s> Shame I can't put log entries in through jigedit.  </s>
<s> Maybe I should follow Dave's example and include a formal record of changes in the text - it just would be nice to have machine support.  </s>
<s> My bad again :( I was trying to push this forward myself hoping someone would take pity on me pick it up.  </s>
<s> In effect I think Jeremy and Bill have with their work on literals.  </s>
<s> Jeremy/Bill - I merge this issue with rdfms-literal-is-xml-structure?  </s>
<s> Jeremy is the owner.  </s>
<s> He and Bill dehOra have, in my view been doing a great job moving this forward.  </s>
<s> Yup - we have a whole host of closures/updates from the f2f on schema which are not reflected in the issues list.  </s>
<s> I was maybe hoping Danbri would do these - but as he's real busy - I'll do it.  </s>
<s> Yup - hopefully do subPropertyOf today and I can close that one off.  </s>
<s> I'm putting issue list management into Jema - but if someone could give me a scraped version of the current issues list that would be wonderful.  </s>
<s> Brian  </s>
<s> Dan Connolly said:  </s>
<s> I already did that for the refactoring: but can rearrange by issue in next versions  </s>
<s> This was on hold till I'd got the refactoring draft out (&amp; test cases).  </s>
<s> We don't have test cases for it since I haven't analysed it and proposed a resolution.  </s>
<s> We haven't resolved it.  </s>
<s> I can't say more without discussing the issue; with a new subject :) Dave  </s>
<s> [erroneously caught by spam trap -- trying to diagnose -rrs] Date: Fri, 28 Sep 2001 07:54:46 -0400 (EDT) Message-ID: JAEBJCLMIFLKLOJGMELDOEDLCCAA.jjc@hplb.hpl.hp.com Received: from tux.w3.org (tux.w3.org [18.29.0.27]) by www19.w3.org (8.9.0/8.9.0) with ESMTP id HAA19557 for w3c-rdfcore-wg@www19.w3.org ; Fri, 28 Sep 2001 07:54:40 -0400 (EDT) Received: from hplb.hpl.hp.com (hplb.hpl.hp.com [192.6.10.2]) by tux.w3.org (8.9.3/8.9.3) with ESMTP id HAA10359 for w3c-rdfcore-wg@w3.org ; Fri, 28 Sep 2001 07:54:40 -0400 Received: from otter.hpl.hp.com (otter.hpl.hp.com [15.144.59.2]) by hplb.hpl.hp.com (8.9.3 (PHNE_22672)/ HPLabs Bristol Relay) with ESMTP id LAA03335 for w3c-rdfcore-wg@w3.org ; Fri, 28 Sep 2001 11:44:36 +0100 (BST) Received: from carrollj2 (carroll-j-2.hpl.hp.com [15.144.90.5]) by otter.hpl.hp.com (8.9.3 (PHNE_22672)/HP-Labs Bristol Internal Mail Hub) with SMTP id LAA08023; Fri, 28 Sep 2001 11:44:24 +0100 (BST) From: "Jeremy Carroll" jjc@hplb.hpl.hp.com DanC:  </s>
<s> I am the official owner, see: (penultimate item).  </s>
<s> I note your request to more explicitly address this issue.  </s>
<s> I will be happy to - but will see what else comes up at todays meeting!  </s>
<s> Jeremy  </s>
<s> Yes, we've never approved this test case (although we've come perilously close).  </s>
<s> Throughout the work on the drafts I've had this in the back of my head...  </s>
<s> I guess it's time to bring it back to the fore.  </s>
<s> Can I have one or two people to review the test case and proposed resolution text?  </s>
<s> tests/rdfcore/rdfms-difference-between-ID-and-about/  </s>
<s> Also, I would quibble with the "URI-encoded form of" language.  </s>
<s> Do you have a patch?  </s>
<s> I sorta thought that's what this was supposed to decide... Do folks want to get this completed?  </s>
<s> "Aaron Swartz" | The Semantic Web http://www.aaronsw.com/  </s>
<s> | i'm working to make it happen  </s>
<s> besides their names (001 etc) I don't find a problem with them Jos  </s>
