RDFCore WG minutes for the Telecon 2001-10-26 Transcript: Agenda: 1: Allocate scribe: Stephen Petschulat 2: Roll Call Participants: - Brian McBride (chair) - Daniel Brickley - Eric Miller - Art Barstow - Dave Beckett - Jeremey Carroll - Jos De Roo - Frank Manola - Stephen Petschulat - Aaron Swartz - Sergey Melnik (few minutes late) - Pat Hayes - Bill dehOra - Mike Dean Regrets: - Jan Grant - Graham Klyne Absent: - Dan Connolly - Frank Boumphrey - Ron Daniels - Rael Dornfest - Yoshiyuki Kitahara - Michael Kopchenov - KWON Hyung-Jin - Ora Lassila - Satoshi Nakamura - Pierre G Richard - Guha - Martyn Horner 3: Review Agenda No AOB. 
4: Next telecon - 10am Boston time, 2nd Nov 2001 Confirmed. 
5: Review Minutes of previous meeting with correction See: Approved. 
6: Confirm Status of Completed Actions ACTION: 2001-10-19#11 Sergey to post text attempting to state the two options, ASAP Confirmed. 
7: Propose resolution of whether graphs are sets or bags pat: understands model theory will use sets pat: but will allow implementers to do what they want (sets or bags) jeremy: prefer clear wording w/ sets only art: we should have an explicit test case showing decision aaron: agenda doesn't give license to processors to double up on arcs ...Confusion over what the text allows &amp; doesn't allow... frank: are you suggesting if the parser finds dups it SHOULDNT remove them? 
aaron: yup jos: concerns about merging of large graph datasets brian: point of decision is how to treat model theory brian: this is independent of parser/implemention decisions ACTION: 2001-10-26-#1 art: make a test case to illustrate set/bag decision 
8: Brief update on Primer status em: hoping to get a release by this afternoon em: would primer sub-group be willing to meet next week? 
danbri: any text on schema for the primer em: some taken from various docs frankm: will produce data model section in next few days em: for those who have sections to contribute... short is sweet 9: Brief update on schema status danbri: sent draft out the other day danbri: too much writing work to do danbri: can we push some schema into the primer ...discussion on intended audience and approach to writing (see transcript)... 
10: Status of Action 2001-08-02#7 Dave Beckett, with help from Art and Jan, investigate how to represent RDF/XML grammar and the specification of the transformation of RDF/XML to a graph representation. 
Closed. 
11: Postpone syntax issues The aim here is to quickly resolve those issues for which there is clear concensus. 
If extended discussion is needed, we will postpone the decision. 
Propose the WG RESOLVE that the following issues be postponed for consideration by a future WG ... some discussion, agreement that we should get rid of as many as we can. 
Aaron expressed some concern about a few of the issues listed. 
He will post a summary of his concerns to the mail list. 
Group agreed to proceed with getting rid of the issues listed that nobody had objections to (see transcript for details)... ACTION: 2001-10-26#2 aaron to write objections to specific issues in email 
DECISION: The following issues were removed from the WG's issue list: 
12: Close syntax issues The aim here is to quickly resolve those issues for which there is clear concensus. 
If extended discussion is needed, we will postpone the decision. 
Propose the WG RESOLVE that the following issues be closed on the grounds that they are resolved by the new approach taken to defining the syntax. 
Closed. 13: Datatyping: Review Sergey's analysis and proposal See: ... much discussion (see transcripts) ... 14: Decide on topics for next telecon Datatyping is top of the list for next weeks call. 
MEETING CLOSED. 
cheers, - steve Stephen Petschulat 
Correction, DanBri was the chair: Participants: - Brian McBride - Daniel Brickley (chair) cheers, - steve Stephen Petschulat Common Architecture and Strategy Team Center for IBM e-business Innovation::Vancouver 4611 Canada Way, Burnaby, BC, Canada Stephen IBM@IBMCA cc: Sent by: Subject: RDFCore WG minutes for the Telecon 2001-10-26 w3c-rdfcore-wg-requ est@w3.org 
26/10/2001 11:58 AM Please respond to Stephen Petschulat RDFCore WG minutes for the Telecon 2001-10-26 Transcript: Agenda: 1: Allocate scribe: Stephen Petschulat 2: Roll Call Participants: - Brian McBride (chair) - Daniel Brickley - Eric Miller - Art Barstow - Dave Beckett - Jeremey Carroll - Jos De Roo - Frank Manola - Stephen Petschulat - Aaron Swartz - Sergey Melnik (few minutes late) - Pat Hayes - Bill dehOra - Mike Dean Regrets: - Jan Grant - Graham Klyne Absent: - Dan Connolly - Frank Boumphrey - Ron Daniels - Rael Dornfest - Yoshiyuki Kitahara - Michael Kopchenov - KWON Hyung-Jin - Ora Lassila - Satoshi Nakamura - Pierre G Richard - Guha - Martyn Horner 3: Review Agenda No AOB. 
4: Next telecon - 10am Boston time, 2nd Nov 2001 Confirmed. 
5: Review Minutes of previous meeting with correction See: Approved. 
6: Confirm Status of Completed Actions ACTION: 2001-10-19#11 Sergey to post text attempting to state the two options, ASAP Confirmed. 
7: Propose resolution of whether graphs are sets or bags pat: understands model theory will use sets pat: but will allow implementers to do what they want (sets or bags) jeremy: prefer clear wording w/ sets only art: we should have an explicit test case showing decision aaron: agenda doesn't give license to processors to double up on arcs ...Confusion over what the text allows &amp; doesn't allow... frank: are you suggesting if the parser finds dups it SHOULDNT remove them? 
aaron: yup jos: concerns about merging of large graph datasets brian: point of decision is how to treat model theory brian: this is independent of parser/implemention decisions ACTION: 2001-10-26-#1 art: make a test case to illustrate set/bag decision 
8: Brief update on Primer status em: hoping to get a release by this afternoon em: would primer sub-group be willing to meet next week? 
danbri: any text on schema for the primer em: some taken from various docs frankm: will produce data model section in next few days em: for those who have sections to contribute... short is sweet 9: Brief update on schema status danbri: sent draft out the other day danbri: too much writing work to do danbri: can we push some schema into the primer ...discussion on intended audience and approach to writing (see transcript)... 
10: Status of Action 2001-08-02#7 Dave Beckett, with help from Art and Jan, investigate how to represent RDF/XML grammar and the specification of the transformation of RDF/XML to a graph representation. 
Closed. 
11: Postpone syntax issues The aim here is to quickly resolve those issues for which there is clear concensus. 
If extended discussion is needed, we will postpone the decision. 
Propose the WG RESOLVE that the following issues be postponed for consideration by a future WG ... some discussion, agreement that we should get rid of as many as we can. 
Aaron expressed some concern about a few of the issues listed. 
He will post a summary of his concerns to the mail list. 
Group agreed to proceed with getting rid of the issues listed that nobody had objections to (see transcript for details)... ACTION: 2001-10-26#2 aaron to write objections to specific issues in email 
DECISION: The following issues were removed from the WG's issue list: 
12: Close syntax issues The aim here is to quickly resolve those issues for which there is clear concensus. 
If extended discussion is needed, we will postpone the decision. 
Propose the WG RESOLVE that the following issues be closed on the grounds that they are resolved by the new approach taken to defining the syntax. 
Closed. 13: Datatyping: Review Sergey's analysis and proposal See: ... much discussion (see transcripts) ... 14: Decide on topics for next telecon Datatyping is top of the list for next weeks call. 
MEETING CLOSED. 
cheers, - steve Stephen Petschulat 
Stephen, A few comments: 
I believe we made a decision to accept the proposal in the agenda. 
The text of the syntax group's decision was: DECISION: That we will use structured English [in the Syntax document] to describe the transformation from the grammar to n-triples. 
The rule based formalism [done by Jeremy] will be used to verify that the structured English is correct. 
The decision was that these issues will be postponed for consideration by a future WG. [I would expect them to remain in the appropriate section of the issues list] 
The WG RESOLVED that that issues are closed on the grounds that they are resolved by the new approach taken to defining the syntax. 
Brian 
