<s> I'd like to find out if there is consensus on removing the "property registry" task from the WebDAV WG charter.  </s>
<s> We've attempted to discuss this at various WG meetings, and we've never  </s>
<s> made any clear progress in defining the task -- so we don't even know whether this would be an Internet-Draft that could become an RFC, possibly defining an IANA process, or whether this would be a site or non-IANA process of some kind.  </s>
<s> We also have never had a volunteer so we've never had anybody working on this item.  </s>
<s> Perhaps nobody's ever found it to be really necessary.  </s>
<s> Note that even if it's removed from the charter, progress can still be made if somebody finds the motivation.  </s>
<s> For example, a property  </s>
<s> registry site could be developed with feedback from the Working Group,  </s>
<s> even if it's not a WG deliverable.  </s>
<s> If we don't remove it from the charter, then we need volunteers ASAP to  </s>
<s> work on that item, and clear ideas what the WG deliverable really is.  </s>
<s> Please weigh in.  </s>
<s> Lisa  </s>
<s> Sorry, I meant to put a time limit on feedback -- we'll try to come to a conclusion in 2 weeks so please hold discussion in that time.  </s>
<s> thanks!  </s>
<s> Lisa  </s>
<s> I vote for removing it.  </s>
<s> Clearly there's no energy for working on a universal registry, nor do we seem to need it.  </s>
<s> Related: I've been working on scripts that compile information about method names, header names, property names, pre/postcondition names (and so on) from a set of RFC2629-XML-formatted documents.  </s>
<s> Basically I'm using a set of well-defined entries of index entries, and just combine them into a common document.  </s>
<s> This will give us the property index at least for all working-group documents (it's not quite ready yet, but if people are interested, I can produce an example in the next few days).  </s>
<s> Regards, Julian  </s>
<s> Cheers, Geoff Julian wrote on 03/23/2004 02:57:17 PM:  </s>
<s> never  </s>
<s> registry  </s>
<s> to  </s>
<s> remove it  </s>
<s> As co-chair for this wg I must state I do not want to see things like  </s>
<s> this in mail which explicitly by Lisa, myself or anyone else is talking  </s>
<s> about one and only one issue.  </s>
<s> If you want to talk about related issues, create a new thread.  </s>
<s> Please.  </s>
<s> paf  </s>
<s> Am 23.03.2004 um 20:40 schrieb Lisa Dusseault:  </s>
<s> Elias  </s>
