<s> At our working group meeting on Monday I presented a list of open issues related to requirements.  </s>
<s> There was a brief but useful discussion.  </s>
<s> In addition, Yaron and Jim gave me some written comments on the requirements.  </s>
<s> Before I actually make any changes, let me solicit everyone's opinions on the issues I listed: 1. Attribute Search: In or out of scope?  </s>
<s> 2. Partial-Resource Locking: Do we need changes / extensions to the HTTP protocol or not?  </s>
<s> 3. Lock Types: What types of locks are needed?  </s>
<s> 4. Semantics of Copy / Move: New types of objects like collections, version graphs, and metadata make the semantics of copy / move more complex.  </s>
<s> What should the requirements say about them? 5. Clarifications of HTTP DELETE / PUT methods: New types of objects like collections, version graphs, and metadata make the semantics of PUT and DELETE more complex.  </s>
<s> What should the requirements say about them?  </s>
<s> 6. Link Integrity: Much of WEBDAV is architected around links.  </s>
<s> This makes issues of link maintenance and integrity pressing.  </s>
<s> Should the requirements say anything about it?  </s>
<s> 7. Structured Documents: Not currently mentioned in the requirements, but a proposal for structured documents is under discussion.  </s>
<s> Should structured documents be added to the requirements?  </s>
<s> 8. Reservations and Versioning: Should reservations be discussed separately from versioning?  </s>
<s> Do we want to support reservations on resources that are not version tree handles?  </s>
<s> 9. Diff / Merge: Do we want these or not?  </s>
<s> 10. EMail / Disconnected Operation: At the moment we just say that the WEBDAV spec will not do anything to prevent disconnected operation or EMail.  </s>
<s> Is this enough?  </s>
<s> 11.  </s>
<s> Mandatory / Optional Functionality: Should the requirements say anything about which functionality is optional / mandatory for WEBDAV compliance?  </s>
<s> 12. Simplicity vs. Flexibility: As a design principle, how should these be balanced?  </s>
<s> In addition the group in the room pressed us to add requirements for authentication, access control, and interoperability with existing security protocols.  </s>
<s> Yaron and Jim asked for the following changes: 1. Remove all requirements about the semantics of copy and move.  </s>
<s> Give a simple, one-sentence definition of the operation and leave it at that.  </s>
<s> 2. Remove all discussion of implications for existing HTTP methods.  </s>
<s> Simply say that we are extending HTTP, and let the reader conclude that it is our responsibility to specify any required changes / extensions to existing HTTP methods.  </s>
<s> 3. Do not say which functionality is mandatory or optional.  </s>
<s> 4. Attribute search should be IN scope.  </s>
<s> 5. Change "relationship" to "link" throughout.  </s>
<s> 6. Remove the statement that attributes are resources.  </s>
<s> 7. Say nothing about multi-resource locking or partial-resource locking.  </s>
<s> 8. Provide better rationale for making server support for locking optional, or else remove the requirement that this support be optional.  </s>
<s> 9. Remove the statement about who can do an UNLOCK.  </s>
<s> 10. Combine the discussion of reservations with the discussion of locking.  </s>
<s> Treat reservations as advisory locks.  </s>
<s> Also talk about shared vs. exclusive write locks.  </s>
<s> 11. Get rid of the paragraph in 5.5.2 that talks about multi-step source processing.  </s>
<s> 12. Get rid of the requirements that copy and move leave audit trails.  </s>
<s> 13. Get rid of 5.7.3 Delete.  </s>
<s> 14.  </s>
<s> Remove the clause in 5.9.1.3 that allows servers to restrict the WEBDAV versioning model.  </s>
<s> 15.  </s>
<s> Remove requirement 5.9.2.8 that the client be able to request that the server generate a version id for a new member of a version graph.  </s>
<s> 16.  </s>
<s> Change 5.9.2.13 to say that it must be possible for a client to *request* (not *get*) a server-side diff.  </s>
<s> 17. Remove requirement 5.9.2.14 for server-side merge.  </s>
<s> Please comment on any of these issues and recommendations.  </s>
<s> I'll try to take Jim's suggestion that we revise the requirements monthly between now and August, when they will be submitted as an informational rfc.  </s>
<s> --Judy Name:Judith A. Slein E-Mail:slein@wrc.xerox.com  </s>
<s> MailStop:128-29E  </s>
<s> Judy, Thanks for the list of requirements issues, it's much appreciated.  </s>
<s> I'd like to ask for some clarification on a couple of the issues.  </s>
<s> Not coming from a document management viewpoint, could you clarify what is meant by a structured document?  </s>
<s> The baseline position is we have structure as defined by reference links.  </s>
<s> Other structuring has been implied through meta-data adjuncts.  </s>
<s> Could you elaborate on what structure (and/or other semantics) is being implied by structured documents?  </s>
<s> I view reservation as a locking mechanism and versioning as a mechanism for distinction.  </s>
<s> Not having the benefit of group discussion to give me clues otherwise, does the group in general consider additional semantics to versioning (perhaps akin to those associated with a versioning system)?  </s>
<s> While I have the editor running, I have the following comments concerning the changes asked for by Jim and Yaron:  </s>
<s> If this is to expedite discussion and keep the work moving along where it has otherwise led to unresolved discussion, I support this.  </s>
<s> Otherwise, I can't see the point of continuing the working group if the decision is just to publish a document of good suggestions of things that can be done concerning web distributed authoring and versioning.  </s>
<s> I can see ironing out the "must" and "should" near the end of the effort, but I can't see dropping it completely.  </s>
<s> Change "relationship" to "reference" throughout.  </s>
<s> I fully support merging discussions on reservations with those on locking (or vice-a-versa).  </s>
<s> Call them all locking mechanisms if it will help.  </s>
<s> This should help with the technical approaches.  </s>
<s> User semantics can be decided upon later.  </s>
<s> Are audit trails being dropped altogehter?  </s>
<s> If one wants to worry about authenticating users then one should be worrying about audit trails in a versioning system (at least, in the presence of versioning semantics such as "give me the newest version" or any time there are multiple participants potentially involved in the same activity).  </s>
<s> Lest I sound too harsh, are audits being kept for version establishment, but not for intermediate actions such as move or delete?  </s>
<s> That would be reasonable.  </s>
<s> A comment on one of the issues:  </s>
<s> To me a versioning system deals in distinctions.  </s>
<s> As such a basic function would be to assign a distinction.  </s>
<s> If the attributes of distinction are not arbitrary, and in particular if they are derived, it would seem most appropriate to allow comparison operations.  </s>
<s> For example: find all versions with such and such attribute (ah, attribute of distinction, just in case the attributes alluded to by attribute search involve other types of attributes).  </s>
<s> Another comparison operation would be to ask what is the attribute-based difference between two (or more) versions.  </s>
<s> This leads into a discussion as to what defines a version (i.e. what is considered in distinguishing one version from another)?  </s>
<s> If it is defined soley to be some handle such as a version number/string, then either such comparisons would be pretty lame or we admit the handle is just a short hand representation of the attributes that really are considered in distinguishing one version from another.  </s>
<s> In contrast, the version/number string could be the only attribute considered, and the basis for its derivation indeterminate (i.e. arbitrary).  </s>
<s> In this case, if we still are interested in a Difference operation, we need to come to agreement on what can be compared - *independent* of the concept of versioning.  </s>
<s> The only thing versioning would be helpful for here would be to state "what" is being compared, i.e. version this will be compared against version that.  </s>
<s> I can see arguing against this latter instance as being outside the scope of the working group and an area for producet distinction.  </s>
<s> I support difference (and other) operations on attributes of distinction and feel this is part of the scope of the working group.  </s>
<s> -Mike  </s>
<s> There hasn't been enough discussion in the group yet for us to home in on a shared definition of "structured document".  </s>
<s> The proposal that Yaron floated looked like it would treat structured documents very much like hierarchical collections of resources (as in the January version of the WEBDAV spec), but with ordering and a method for retrieving the structure.  </s>
<s> Others interpret it quite differently, perhaps being able to access and manipulate the tagged components of an HTML document through WEBDAV.  </s>
<s> (The mailing list archive has been offline for several days, so I feel a little shakey trying to summarize the discussion without being able to look at the mail.) I'd like to see more discussion on the mailing list before I decide what to say about structured documents in the requirements.  </s>
<s> I believe the group has always viewed locking as separate from versioning.  </s>
<s> I was less sure about how people were understanding reservations.  </s>
<s> It looks as if Yaron and Jim agree with you that reservations are a kind of lock.  </s>
<s> I just want to confirm that we want to be able to lock / reserve resources whether they are versioned resources or not.  </s>
<s> I take it you would say yes.  </s>
<s> They were just talking about the requirements document, not the protocol spec.  </s>
<s> They certainly do intend to be clear about what is required for compliance in the spec.  </s>
<s> Good questions.  </s>
<s> We haven't been paying enough attention to security issues up till now.  </s>
<s> I'm not sure whether this request from Jim and Yaron was just part of their general campaign to get me to be less detailed in the requirements, or whether they really are opposed to requiring WEBDAV servers to keep audit trails for copy and move operations.  </s>
<s> A requirement for diff would be that the server be able to compare the content of two resources and report on the differences between them.  </s>
<s> A requirement for merge would be that the server be able to merge the contents of two (or more) resources to create a single new resource.  </s>
<s> Name:Judith A. Slein E-Mail:slein@wrc.xerox.com  </s>
<s> MailStop:128-29E  </s>
<s> I've only recently joined this list, and I missed the WEBDAV meeting at IETF due to a conflict, so I apologize if this comes out of left field.  </s>
<s> Anyway, I saw the comments about a "difference" operation and thought I'd mention that there's a collaborative editing environment someone built in AT&amp;T (pre-split), derived from "WikiWikiWeb", which presents the differences between versions of a page by marking up the HTML using a program "HtmlDiff".  </s>
<s> HtmlDiff is also AT&amp;T-internal but has been released for noncommercial use and might be released more widely given interest.  </s>
<s> I'm also interested in using the kinds of versioning you're talking about in order to send updates to pages over to browsers (to save bandwidth and transfer times).  </s>
<s> Can anyone tell me if this has been discussed in this forum before?  </s>
<s> For more info on HtmlDiff or the update-based transfers, see my home page: Fred Douglis MIME accepted douglis@research.att.com  </s>
<s> AT&amp;T Labs - Research 908 582-3633 (office) Murray Hill, NJ 07974 http://www.research.att.com/~douglis/  </s>
<s> As of 6/1/97: AT&amp;T Labs - Research 180 Park Ave, Room A181 Florham Park, NJ 07932-0971 973-360-8775 (office)  </s>
<s> A few clarifications.  </s>
<s> Our intent was to push statements about which functionality is optional or mandatory into the protocol specification.  </s>
<s> The Design Team found that the dependencies between features in the protocol specification changed as we considered different designs, and these changing dependencies have some affect on whether a feature should be mandatory or optional.  </s>
<s> Rather than hardwire statements about mandatory or optional functionality into the requirements, which would then need to be changed based on changes in the design, it seemed more prudent to treat the requirements document as a series of MUST statements about what functionality should be in the interface described in the protocol specification document, but let the protocol document be the final word on whether a particular functionality was mandatory or optional.  </s>
<s> The view of the Design Team is that while audit trails are a good thing, and should be supported in a WebDAV server, we found that requiring audit trails had no effect on the interface for performing WebDAV operations (it's a side effect of other operations).  </s>
<s> Since we view the requirements document as describing what should be supported by the interfaces given in the protocol document, a requirement which doesn't impact any interface is viewed as useless.  </s>
<s> Hence our recommendation to remove the requirement.  </s>
<s> Also, by audit trail we were intending an operation similar to the current logging employed by servers.  </s>
<s> So, for example, if you perform a move, the server would record the move, along with the source and destination URLs.  </s>
<s> We had been viewing the history recording operations of a versioning system as being something different from this kind of audit trail, however, I can definitely understand viewing them similarly.  </s>
<s> Versioning operations will definitely have to record predecessor and successor relationships, as well as the principal who performed edits on a particular revision.  </s>
<s> - Jim  </s>
