<s> RDFCore WG minutes for the telecon 2002-08-23 Time: 10:00:00 Fri Aug 23 2002 in America/New York which is equivalent to 15:00:00 Fri Aug 23 2002 in Europe/London irc: irc.w3.org #rdfcore Transcript: (file attached) Summary of new actions: ACTION 2002-08-23#1, DanC: review primer text and propose alternative that clarifies status of Alt [and other collections?].  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-08-23#2, DaveB: initiate dialog with DC community about the issue of rdf:Alt usage.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-08-23#3, JanG: review current datatypes document.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-08-23#4, SteveP: review current datatypes document.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-08-23#5, PatrickS: send copy of version-for-review of datatypes to www-archive, and post URI to the RDFcore mailing list.  </s>
<s> [scribe note: I've assumed PatrickS will accept this action.]  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-08-23#6, bwm: Ensure that WG home page points to current editor working draft documents for WG review.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-08-23#7, FrankM: Propose alternative text for the concepts and abstract model document to rectify concerns with conflicting use of "assertion".  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-08-23#8, AaronSw: Update MIME type draft for WG review prior to re-issue.  </s>
<s> Agenda: (but note that date should be 2002-08-23, not 2002-08-25) 1: Allocate scribe: Graham Klyne Volunteer for next week: Jan Grant 2: Roll call Participants: - Brian McBride (chair) - Eric Miller - Daniel Brickley - Dave Beckett - Frank Manola - Graham Klyne - Jos De Roo - Dan Connolly - Pat Hayes - Patrick Stickler - Jan Grant - Stephen Petschulat - Aaron Swartz Regrets/absent: - Jeremey Carroll - Sergey Melnik - Guha - Ron Daniels - Mike Dean - Frank Boumphrey - KWON Hyung-Jin - Michael Kopchenov - Ora Lassila - Pierre G Richard - Rael Dornfest - Satoshi Nakamura - Yoshiyuki Kitahara 3: Review Agenda Discussion of datatypes document to be brought forward; PatrickS must leave early today.  </s>
<s> 4: Next telecon 30th Aug 2002 5: Minutes of 2002-08-09 telecon ACCEPTED 6: Status of minutes of 2002-08-16 telecon ACCEPTED 7: Confirm Status of Completed Actions ACTION: 2002-06-18#3 daveB Fold Jeremy's text describing the graph syntax into the syntax document ACTION: 2002-07-19#1 eric investigate why JanG gets dropped on rdf-comments (twice now) ACTION: 2002-08-16#2 bwm to ask Semantic Web Coordination group to clarify priority of dark triples ACTION: 2002-08-16#4 PatrickS Circulate URI of latest datatypes document ACTION: 2002-08-16#6 bwm Summarise responses to datatypes question to community AGREED: all completed.  </s>
<s> 8: Confirm Status of Withdrawn Actions ACTION: 2002-06-17#8 guha define the dark/light function for URIREFs ACTION: 2002-06-17#9 patH update the model theory to make statements with dark properties have no semantics ACTION: 2002-06-17#10 guha consider impact of dark triples on test cases ACTION: 2002-06-17#12 patH propose a paragraph on dark triples for the primer ACTION: 2002-06-17#13 daveB ensure that the description of the graph syntax adequately describes darkness AGREED: all closed, by virtue of dark triples no longer being a priority concern (see http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/w3c-rdfcore-wg/2002Aug/0168.html) 9: Status of new Concepts and Abstract Data Model WD 2002-08-16#3 EricM publish rdf concepts and abstract data model WD Action continues -- working on last pubrules, should be out soon.  </s>
<s> 10: Relationship between XML Schema and RDF (Item skipped.) 11: rdf:Alt's relationship to individual statements Problem with Alt is that different people are using it in different ways.  </s>
<s> Dublin Core are using Alt in a way that doesn't accord with other RDF folks expectations.  </s>
<s> Suggestion to deprecate Alt/Seq/Bag.  </s>
<s> Sentiment is that it's too late to consider throwing out the existing containers.  </s>
<s> People have been asking for a common means of expressing collections for a variety of tasks... preference expressed to have more specific/formal declrations for existing collections rather than just deprecating them.  </s>
<s> More explanatory material in Primer, maybe?  </s>
<s> Main problem is Alt: people are using it without defining a specific vocabulary to go with such use.  </s>
<s> Alt has no special formal semantics of itself, so any such must be associated with properties.  </s>
<s> Suggestion that the primer should have material that use of Alt without special vocabulary is may not achieve intended purpose.  </s>
<s> So, current approach is to leave the Alt vocabulary defined, but NOT to define the semantics that some people might expect.  </s>
<s> Dublin Core are about to approve a spec that uses Alt in such inappropriate ways -- there is an urgent need that they should be notified, preferably by reference to material in the revised RDF documents.  </s>
<s> Suggestion that they might use repeated properties instead of Alt, or explain more carefully in their own document what the Alt construct means.  </s>
<s> As far as RDF is concerned, an Alt collection has a value that is the Alt container object.  </s>
<s> We should make it clear to the DC community that any additional Alt semantics would apply only to properties they define.  </s>
<s> [Suggestion that an "RDF myths" document should be created] ACTION 2002-08-23#1, DanC: review primer text and propose alternative that clarifies status of Alt [and other collections?]. (EricM will help.) ACTION 2002-08-23#2, DaveB: initiate dialog with DC community about the issue of rdf:Alt usage.  </s>
<s> 12: rdfms:assertion PROPOSED that the text in section 2.3.2 of the Concepts and Abstract Data Model document resolves this issue and it be closed.  </s>
<s> document is also archived as ZIP file attached to: Some discussion of this paragraph: For example, a media type, application/rdf+xml [RDF-MIME-TYPE ] is being registered for indicating the use of RDF/XML that might be published with the intent of being such an assertional representation (as distinguished from other XML or text that may just happen to look like RDF assertions).  </s>
<s> DanBri says he asked for it to be omitted; GK understood request to be that the assertional requirement be softened (hence the "might ... with the intent" in the above).  </s>
<s> Concerns expressed about misalignment with MIME type registration draft.  </s>
<s> In discussion, the softened wording, quoted above, will do for now but may need further wordsmithing and cross-checking with revised MIME type registration draft.  </s>
<s> Also concerns that the term "assertion" is used in different fashions.  </s>
<s> Also noted that RDF MIME type registration Internet-draft is about to expire, and should be re-issued.  </s>
<s> As part of the review process for re-issue, we should cross-check for consistency with the concepts and abstract model document.  </s>
<s> AGREED: the issue can be closed as proposed above (understanding that the document text may undergo some additional wordsmithing).  </s>
<s> [NOTE (not part of formal meeting record): in post-meeting IRC discussion, there was some debate about whether there should be some explicit mention of HTTP usage in setting the context for RDF being asserted; consensus among those chatting seemed to be that an HTTP context might be introduced as an illustrative example.  </s>
<s> See attached IRC log.  </s>
<s> DanBri made a comment there that might be helpful: "I think we can carve things nicely down the middle.  </s>
<s> (i) RDF/XML docs have propositional content (ii) agents can demonstrate attitdues (believing, fearing, desiring) towards such content."]  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-08-23#6, bwm: Ensure that WG home page points to current editor working draft documents for WG review.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-08-23#7, FrankM: Propose alternative text for the concepts and abstract model document to rectify concerns with conflicting use of "assertion".  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-08-23#8, AaronSw: Update MIME type draft for WG review prior to re-issue.  </s>
<s> 13: Meaning of rdf:type and relationship between RDF and RDFS (Item skipped)  </s>
<s> 14: Datatypes Need review of latest document, then we can shoot for publication.  </s>
<s> Current document is: http://www-nrc.nokia.com/sw/rdf-datatyping.html  </s>
<s> Some specific requests: (1) be very clear about document status  </s>
<s> (2) references to untidiness of literals should be clearly flagged with a request for further community feedback.  </s>
<s> With test case example clarifying consequence (e.g. age "10" and title "10").  </s>
<s> (3) DC examples in appendix should be RDF/XML not N-triples  </s>
<s> (4) don't use abbreviations in first examples (e.g. &amp;xsd;): if used, introduce them later.  </s>
<s> More reviewer feedback is required before the editors can formally prepare a new publication candidate.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-08-23#3, JanG: review current datatypes document.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-08-23#4, SteveP: review current datatypes document.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-08-23#5, PatrickS:  </s>
<s> send copy of version-for-review of datatypes to www-archive, and post URI to the RDFcore mailing list.  </s>
<s> [scribe note: I've assumed PatrickS will accept this action.]  </s>
<s> --meeting closed--  </s>
<s> Graham, I have to say that I wasn't present (due to holidays, daytrips, etc...) Jos De Roo, AGFA http://www.agfa.com/w3c/jdroo/  </s>
<s> Graham Klyne GK@NineByNine.org Sent by: w3c-rdfcore-wg-request@w3.org 2002-08-23 07:23 PM Subject: RDFCore WG minutes for the telecon 2002-08-23 RDFCore WG minutes for the telecon 2002-08-23 Time: 10:00:00 Fri Aug 23 2002 in America/New York which is equivalent to 15:00:00 Fri Aug 23 2002 in Europe/London irc: irc.w3.org #rdfcore Transcript: (file attached) Summary of new actions: ACTION 2002-08-23#1, DanC: review primer text and propose alternative that clarifies status of Alt [and other collections?].  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-08-23#2, DaveB: initiate dialog with DC community about the issue of rdf:Alt usage.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-08-23#3, JanG: review current datatypes document.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-08-23#4, SteveP: review current datatypes document.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-08-23#5, PatrickS: send copy of version-for-review of datatypes to www-archive, and post URI to the RDFcore mailing list.  </s>
<s> [scribe note: I've assumed PatrickS will accept this action.]  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-08-23#6, bwm: Ensure that WG home page points to current editor working draft documents for WG review.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-08-23#7, FrankM: Propose alternative text for the concepts and abstract model document to rectify concerns with conflicting use of "assertion".  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-08-23#8, AaronSw: Update MIME type draft for WG review prior to re-issue.  </s>
<s> Agenda: (but note that date should be 2002-08-23, not 2002-08-25) 1: Allocate scribe: Graham Klyne Volunteer for next week: Jan Grant 2: Roll call Participants: - Brian McBride (chair) - Eric Miller - Daniel Brickley - Dave Beckett - Frank Manola - Graham Klyne - Jos De Roo - Dan Connolly - Pat Hayes - Patrick Stickler - Jan Grant - Stephen Petschulat - Aaron Swartz Regrets/absent: - Jeremey Carroll - Sergey Melnik - Guha - Ron Daniels - Mike Dean - Frank Boumphrey - KWON Hyung-Jin - Michael Kopchenov - Ora Lassila - Pierre G Richard - Rael Dornfest - Satoshi Nakamura - Yoshiyuki Kitahara 3: Review Agenda Discussion of datatypes document to be brought forward; PatrickS must leave early today.  </s>
<s> 4: Next telecon 30th Aug 2002 5: Minutes of 2002-08-09 telecon ACCEPTED 6: Status of minutes of 2002-08-16 telecon ACCEPTED 7: Confirm Status of Completed Actions ACTION: 2002-06-18#3 daveB Fold Jeremy's text describing the graph syntax into the syntax document ACTION: 2002-07-19#1 eric investigate why JanG gets dropped on rdf-comments (twice now) ACTION: 2002-08-16#2 bwm to ask Semantic Web Coordination group to clarify priority of dark triples ACTION: 2002-08-16#4 PatrickS Circulate URI of latest datatypes document ACTION: 2002-08-16#6 bwm Summarise responses to datatypes question to community AGREED: all completed.  </s>
<s> 8: Confirm Status of Withdrawn Actions ACTION: 2002-06-17#8 guha define the dark/light function for URIREFs ACTION: 2002-06-17#9 patH update the model theory to make statements with dark properties have no semantics ACTION: 2002-06-17#10 guha consider impact of dark triples on test cases ACTION: 2002-06-17#12 patH propose a paragraph on dark triples for the primer ACTION: 2002-06-17#13 daveB ensure that the description of the graph syntax adequately describes darkness AGREED: all closed, by virtue of dark triples no longer being a priority concern (see http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/w3c-rdfcore-wg/2002Aug/0168.html) 9: Status of new Concepts and Abstract Data Model WD 2002-08-16#3 EricM publish rdf concepts and abstract data model WD Action continues -- working on last pubrules, should be out soon.  </s>
<s> 10: Relationship between XML Schema and RDF (Item skipped.) 11: rdf:Alt's relationship to individual statements Problem with Alt is that different people are using it in different ways.  </s>
<s> Dublin Core are using Alt in a way that doesn't accord with other RDF folks expectations.  </s>
<s> Suggestion to deprecate Alt/Seq/Bag.  </s>
<s> Sentiment is that it's too late to consider throwing out the existing containers.  </s>
<s> People have been asking for a common means of expressing collections for a variety of tasks... preference expressed to have more specific/formal declrations for existing collections rather than just deprecating them.  </s>
<s> More explanatory material in Primer, maybe?  </s>
<s> Main problem is Alt: people are using it without defining a specific vocabulary to go with such use.  </s>
<s> Alt has no special formal semantics of itself, so any such must be associated with properties.  </s>
<s> Suggestion that the primer should have material that use of Alt without special vocabulary is may not achieve intended purpose.  </s>
<s> So, current approach is to leave the Alt vocabulary defined, but NOT to define the semantics that some people might expect.  </s>
<s> Dublin Core are about to approve a spec that uses Alt in such inappropriate ways -- there is an urgent need that they should be notified, preferably by reference to material in the revised RDF documents.  </s>
<s> Suggestion that they might use repeated properties instead of Alt, or explain more carefully in their own document what the Alt construct means.  </s>
<s> As far as RDF is concerned, an Alt collection has a value that is the Alt container object.  </s>
<s> We should make it clear to the DC community that any additional Alt semantics would apply only to properties they define.  </s>
<s> [Suggestion that an "RDF myths" document should be created] ACTION 2002-08-23#1, DanC: review primer text and propose alternative that clarifies status of Alt [and other collections?]. (EricM will help.) ACTION 2002-08-23#2, DaveB: initiate dialog with DC community about the issue of rdf:Alt usage.  </s>
<s> 12: rdfms:assertion PROPOSED that the text in section 2.3.2 of the Concepts and Abstract Data Model document resolves this issue and it be closed.  </s>
<s> document is also archived as ZIP file attached to: Some discussion of this paragraph: For example, a media type, application/rdf+xml [RDF-MIME-TYPE ] is being registered for indicating the use of RDF/XML that might be published with the intent of being such an assertional representation (as distinguished from other XML or text that may just happen to look like RDF assertions).  </s>
<s> DanBri says he asked for it to be omitted; GK understood request to be that the assertional requirement be softened (hence the "might ... with the intent" in the above).  </s>
<s> Concerns expressed about misalignment with MIME type registration draft.  </s>
<s> In discussion, the softened wording, quoted above, will do for now but may need further wordsmithing and cross-checking with revised MIME type registration draft.  </s>
<s> Also concerns that the term "assertion" is used in different fashions.  </s>
<s> Also noted that RDF MIME type registration Internet-draft is about to expire, and should be re-issued.  </s>
<s> As part of the review process for re-issue, we should cross-check for consistency with the concepts and abstract model document.  </s>
<s> AGREED: the issue can be closed as proposed above (understanding that the document text may undergo some additional wordsmithing).  </s>
<s> [NOTE (not part of formal meeting record): in post-meeting IRC discussion, there was some debate about whether there should be some explicit mention of HTTP usage in setting the context for RDF being asserted; consensus among those chatting seemed to be that an HTTP context might be introduced as an illustrative example.  </s>
<s> See attached IRC log.  </s>
<s> DanBri made a comment there that might be helpful: "I think we can carve things nicely down the middle.  </s>
<s> (i) RDF/XML docs have propositional content (ii) agents can demonstrate attitdues (believing, fearing, desiring) towards such content."]  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-08-23#6, bwm: Ensure that WG home page points to current editor working draft documents for WG review.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-08-23#7, FrankM: Propose alternative text for the concepts and abstract model document to rectify concerns with conflicting use of "assertion".  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-08-23#8, AaronSw: Update MIME type draft for WG review prior to re-issue.  </s>
<s> 13: Meaning of rdf:type and relationship between RDF and RDFS (Item skipped)  </s>
<s> 14: Datatypes Need review of latest document, then we can shoot for publication.  </s>
<s> Current document is: http://www-nrc.nokia.com/sw/rdf-datatyping.html  </s>
<s> Some specific requests: (1) be very clear about document status  </s>
<s> (2) references to untidiness of literals should be clearly flagged with a request for further community feedback.  </s>
<s> With test case example clarifying consequence (e.g. age "10" and title "10").  </s>
<s> (3) DC examples in appendix should be RDF/XML not N-triples  </s>
<s> (4) don't use abbreviations in first examples (e.g. &amp;xsd;): if used, introduce them later.  </s>
<s> More reviewer feedback is required before the editors can formally prepare a new publication candidate.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-08-23#3, JanG: review current datatypes document.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-08-23#4, SteveP: review current datatypes document.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-08-23#5, PatrickS:  </s>
<s> send copy of version-for-review of datatypes to www-archive, and post URI to the RDFcore mailing list.  </s>
<s> [scribe note: I've assumed PatrickS will accept this action.]  </s>
<s> --meeting closed--  </s>
<s> Please refer to static revision of 26 August located at for purposes of review.  </s>
<s> Done. Included in static revision.  </s>
<s> I will add this.  </s>
<s> It is not in the static revision posted for review.  </s>
<s> I'm away from the office for a couple of days, so it may be nearer the end of the week before it gets added.  </s>
<s> Done. Included in static revision.  </s>
<s> XML entities are still used in the RDF/XML but fully expanded URIrefs are used in the N-Triples for each example, so hopefully this is now clearer.  </s>
<s> Please refer to 26 August revision for review.  </s>
<s> Thanks.  </s>
<s> Done. C.f. http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/w3c-rdfcore-wg/2002Aug/0232.html  </s>
<s> Also, I'm presuming there is an action on the other two editors to also review the latest revision ;-) Patrick  </s>
