<s> Don't worry -- there are a number of DMA folks on this distribution list, and we are also looking at how your work compares to and might interact with ours.  </s>
<s> Some of your recent discussions are amusing, since we've been through those issues.  </s>
<s> Bernard Chester Saros / FileNet bernardc@saros.com  </s>
<s> Amusing?  </s>
<s> If you have already been down this path then why don't you share your experience with us?  </s>
<s> There are no points for being the stoic silent one.  </s>
<s> Yaron  </s>
<s> When I was associated with DMA (Novell's Representative) I remember us working on a lot of infrastructure.  </s>
<s> What the Distributed Authoring folks are doing is developing protocols to make collaborative documents a reality.  </s>
<s> Surely DMA and the work of the wg will cross.  </s>
<s> I would hope that DMA would participate rather than be "amused" by the efforts of the working group.  </s>
<s> As well, there are two DMA members sitting on the working group, Xerox and Novell.  </s>
<s> I can speak for Novell in saying that we hope to see the efforts of the working group make our DMS more globally available via standard IETF approved protocols.  </s>
<s> -src Steve Carter Novell  </s>
<s> Bernard Chester BernardC@saros.com 10/31/96 06:44PM  </s>
<s> Don't worry -- there are a number of DMA folks on this distribution list, and we are also looking at how your work compares to and might interact with ours.  </s>
<s> Some of your recent discussions are amusing, since we've been through those issues.  </s>
<s> Bernard Chester Saros / FileNet bernardc@saros.com  </s>
<s> Last time I checked, there were employees of the following DMA member companies on the distribution of this list (in no particular order): Xerox PARC, Xerox XSoft, Filenet, Alpharel, Saros, Documentum, Novell.  </s>
<s> I'd like to echo Steve's hope that the wisdom acquired through DMA efforts to date would make it's way into the distributed authoring and versioning specification.  </s>
<s> I have always received valuable insight into the distributed authoring and versioning issue space from my past interactions with DMA members, and I have no doubt this will continue in the future.  </s>
<s> I have also been very glad for the participation of those members of this working group who have a document management background, as I feel they have made significant contributions towards all products of this working group to date.  </s>
<s> I also appreciate it when people indicate an issue is a "rathole," since this is not always evident at the time.  </s>
<s> As a general rule, I would like this group to benefit from existing work, reinventing as little as possible.  </s>
<s> - Jim  </s>
