<s> At the F2F we took a show of hands for those interested in working on a RDF Primer as one of the RDF Core deliverables.  </s>
<s> I'm interested in re-polling this group to identify individuals interested in working on such a Primer.  </s>
<s> If there is a large enough group interested, I propose we form a sub-group to produce a pre-Working Draft Primer for review by whole WG by, lets say... the middle of October.  </s>
<s> If you are willing to write some of this document, please send email to the list.  </s>
<s> I'll also be looking for a couple of folks to take on the burden of organising this sub-group, so if you have the bandwidth please let me know (publicly or privately as you prefer).  </s>
<s> Brian  </s>
<s> I am interested in participating in this effort and may be willing to help organize this sub-group.  </s>
<s> eric miller http://www.w3.org/people/em/ semantic web activity lead mailto:em@w3.org  </s>
<s> cambridge, ma 02139 usa  </s>
<s> It would be an hono(u)r to work on the Primer.  </s>
<s> I have very little bandwidth.  </s>
<s> PS: I think it should contain a glossary.  </s>
<s> :-) Martyn Horner martyn.horner@profium.com  </s>
<s> Profium, Les Espaces de Sophia, Immeuble Delta, B.P. 037, F-06901 Sophia-Antipolis, France Mob.  </s>
<s> +33 (0)6.21.01.54.56 Internet: http://www.profium.com  </s>
<s> I'd be happy to help with writing some of this.  </s>
<s> Frank Manola The MITRE Corporation 202 Burlington Road, MS A345 Bedford, MA 01730-1420  </s>
<s> I'd be happy to participate in the primer.  </s>
<s> Bill de h?ra InterX bdehora at interx.com dehora at acm.org www.interx.com  </s>
