<s> Time: 10:00:00 Fri Jun 22 2001 in America/New_York which according to:  </s>
<s> converts to: 15:00:00 Fri Jun 22 2001 in Europe/London 23:00:00 Fri Jun 22 2001 in Asia/Tokyo Phone Number: +1 630 536 3003 room #3003 irc: irc.openprojects.net #rdfcore WELCOME, ROLL CALL, SCRIBE REVIEW AGENDA REVIEW MINUTES OF PREVIOUS MEETING CONFIRM FOLLOWING ACTIONS COMPLETED (1 min)  </s>
<s> AP: 2001-06-15#1: Brian: Update comment in: AP: 2001-06-15#2: Jan: Review test cases in: AP: 2001-06-15#3: Jan: Write up proposal for RDF embedded in an XML element which has an xml:base attribute should be processed.  </s>
<s> AP: 2001-06-15#4: Brian: Write up a draft partitioning of the problem space REVIEW STATUS OF FOLLOWING ACTIONS (5 min) A4: Guha: re #rdfms-reification-required: Present analaysis to list for discussion.  </s>
<s> ACTION: JUN-01-01-#1: Martyn: create test cases rdfms-resource-semantics  </s>
<s> ACTION: JUN-01-01-#9: Ora: send a note to the WG that describes how aboutEach is being used and how it was implemented Face to Face Meeting - Goals and Objectives (15 mins) Face to Face Meeting - the semantic web workshop has been extended one day - do we wish to reschedule the face to face?  </s>
<s> (5 mins) Partitioning the Problem Space (5 minutes) ISSUE rdf-containers-syntax-ambiguity, rdf-containers-syntax-vs-schema Brian McBride (5 mins) Resolve test cases as in: These test cases have now been reviewed by Aaron, Art and Jan.  </s>
<s> All issues raised have been resolved.  </s>
<s> Propose the test cases resolve this issue and that it be closed.  </s>
<s> ISSUE rdfms-aboutEach-on-object Stephen Petschulat (15 minutes) Review Stephen's analysis in: Possibly resolve this issue.  </s>
<s> ISSUE rdfms-difference-between-ID-and-about Aaron Swartz (10 mins) We have three proposals.  </s>
<s> 2 in: and another in: Lets try to decide which one to go with.  </s>
<s> Next meeting - 10am Boston time, 29/June/2001.  </s>
<s> AOB (5 mins) CLOSE  </s>
<s> Brian, Confusion reigns!  </s>
<s> I was missing from this meeting (and not around to read the agenda or check the previous minutes!).  </s>
<s> I was at the previous one (2000-06-15) where we decided to temporarily close the rdfms-resource-semantics issue and reopen it when the time came for us to be clearer about the basic semantics.  </s>
<s> This was missing from the minutes of the 2000-06-15 meeting and so it survived to the 22nd.  </s>
<s> I note it got a `POSTPONED (absent)' on the 22nd.  </s>
<s> It should be dropped for the time being.  </s>
<s> Martyn Horner martyn.horner@profium.com  </s>
<s> Profium (former name Pro Solutions), Les Espaces de Sophia, Immeuble Delta, B.P. 037, F-06901 Sophia-Antipolis, France Mob.  </s>
<s> +33 (0)6.21.01.54.56 Internet: http://www.profium.com  </s>
<s> Oops. OK - we can just clear that up at this weeks telecon, if that is ok with you.  </s>
<s> Brian  </s>
