<s> Glen, Mark, Paul,  </s>
<s> The XMLP WG are very interested in your response to these questions.  </s>
<s> If  </s>
<s> you could provide this information before next Wednesday ( which is when  </s>
<s> the XMLP WG have their next telcon meeting ) that would be great!  </s>
<s> Thanks Martin Gudgin For the XML Protocol WG  </s>
<s> akarmark@oracle.com; cunnings@lectrosonics.com;  </s>
<s> Davanum Srinivas; david.orchard@bea.com;  </s>
<s> Don Mullen; gdaniels@macromedia.com; Jacek  </s>
<s> Kopecky; jbaysdon@tibco.com;  </s>
<s> manoj.cheenath@bea.com;  </s>
<s> Paul Kulchenko; Sam  </s>
<s> Ruby; xan@tibco.com;  </s>
<s> Yasser Shohoud  </s>
<s> This is a request from the W3C XMLP WG for information about status of  </s>
<s> implementations of nodeType functionality.  </s>
<s> The WG would like to know answers to the following questions: A)Are you going to implement nodeType?  </s>
<s> B1)If the answer to A) is 'Yes', can you please give a rough idea of when this feature would be implemented.  </s>
<s> B2) If the answer to A) is 'No', can you please give a rationale for  </s>
<s> why you do not intend to implement this feature?  </s>
<s> Regards Martin Gudgin For the XML Protocol Working Group  </s>
<s> Do you mean itemType?  </s>
<s> I don't see a nodeType AII specified anywhere in recent drafts.  </s>
<s> In the CR draft[1] it was actually called valueType ( due to an editorial snafu ).  </s>
<s> In the latest ed copy[2] it's called nodeType.  </s>
<s> Sorry for the confusion.  </s>
<s> Gudge [1] http://www.w3.org/TR/2002/CR-soap12-part2-20021219/ [2] http://www.w3.org/2000/xp/Group/2/06/LC/soap12-part2.xml  </s>
<s> Koropchak;  </s>
