<s> [ CCed to Frederic Schutz, see below ]  </s>
<s> Since W3C-folk/Olivier has acted on the "burning" issue from 0.6.1, we may no longer be that much in need of a 0.6.1 release from a v.w3.org perspective.  </s>
<s> But there are still some open issues that could do with an update and there are packaging issues that would make a 0.6.2 release appropriate IMO.  </s>
<s> First off, IMO we should invite Frederic Schutz schutz@mathgen.ch  </s>
<s> who is doing the Debian packages to join the QA-Dev list.  </s>
<s> I don't know how much interest he has in the details of the Validator development and other QA-Dev topics, but it's cumbersome to do the packaging discussions in off-list email.  </s>
<s> Second, based on feedback from Frederic and Ville the plan for the postulated 0.6.2 release is as follows: 1. Change /source/ to start off with a blurb about the latest version always being available from http://v.w.org/source/.  </s>
<s> 2. Make the rest of the page refer _specifically_ to the current release (c.f. the new CVS practice which makes HEAD unsuitable).  </s>
<s> 3. Create a non-versioned /download/ directory on v.w3.org where RPMs and possibly .debs  </s>
<s> can live.  </s>
<s> This directory should not have a static index to avoid linkrot, and apart from symlinks to latest should have versioned file names.  </s>
<s> 4. Figure out how to get packages from the packagers and into this directory (an upload CGI, HTTP PUT, W3Cer to do the legwork, etc.)  </s>
<s> 5. More...? What else does Frederic/Ville need to facilitate packaging and distribution of official packages?  </s>
<s> cf. apt-get etc.  </s>
<s> When it comes to packaging I have, apart from general good quality, only one specific concern; namely that I want packages that are not in a vendor's standard distribution to be hosted somewhere at w3.org (probably v.w3.org).  </s>
<s> This mainly to make clear that the packages are "official"[0] and to make them easy to find for users.  </s>
<s> This does not, of course, prevent the packagers from viewing the v.w3.org copies as a secondary location and/or mirror of their own preferred placements.  </s>
<s> :-) Only if this doesn't inconvenience the packagers unduly, of course.  </s>
<s> Want to chime in on this Ville, Frederic[1]?  </s>
<s> [0] - The "officialness" is actually also for the benefit of the users so they won't have to worry about whether these are actually supported packages or some hack put together in 5 minutes by an unrelated party.  </s>
<s> [1] - Your message will end up in a moderation queue since you're not subscribed yet, Frederic.  </s>
<s> But the moderator can manually let any replies through, it just takes a little while.  </s>
<s> "A plague o' both your houses!  </s>
<s> I am sped." - Mercutio, kinsman to the Prince.  </s>
<s> See Project Gutenberg URL:http://promo.net/pg/ for more.  </s>
<s> As you may have noticed, I fixed an old bug in checklink today, which caused it to recurse *everywhere* if the submitted URI didn't have a slash after the hostname, eg. http://validator.w3.org .  </s>
<s> I also tested it by running against v.w.o and fixed some broken links while at it.  </s>
<s> Since checklink is distributed with validator, I'd like to see 0.6.2 soon, as well as live on v.w.o.  </s>
<s> All changes to checklink are at the moment in the 0_6_0 branch of validator, HEAD is outdated.  </s>
<s> There's no "experimental" version of checklink ATM, so I prefer to keep the newest version in a branch that is closest to the running production release.  </s>
<s> Checklink needs some refactoring, though, the code is actually pretty hairy; that will most likely happen in HEAD (or wherever the dev branch is) sometime.  </s>
<s> As discussed before, this is not a "must have", we can generate apt indexes offsite, they're transferable.  </s>
<s> I'm fine with this.  </s>
<s> Oh, and a cleanup suggestion: could the following files be 'cvs rm'd from dev.w3.org; they're outdated and add unnecessary confusion in the validator tarballs.  </s>
<s> Remember, "cvs rm" doesn't *delete* the files, they're still accessible in CVS' Attic dirs, and can be easily restored if need be.  </s>
<s> httpd/cgi-bin/: traceroute, p3p, referers, LinkChecker.pl htdocs/: p3p.html, favlets.html  </s>
<s> \/ille Skytt?  </s>
<s> ville.skytta at iki.fi  </s>
<s> Hmm, maybe I didn't put it prominently enough here: the current (3.06) checklink on v.w.o has some embarrassing bugs which have been fixed in the newest CVS version (3.6.2.3, in validator-0_6_0-branch).  </s>
<s> Could someone update it?  </s>
<s> \/ille Skytt?  </s>
<s> ville.skytta at iki.fi  </s>
<s> Le ven 13/12/2002 ?  </s>
<s> 18:23, Ville Skytt?  </s>
<s> a ?crit  </s>
<s> :  </s>
<s> Done. Dom Dominique Haza?l-Massieux - http://www.w3.org/People/Dom/ W3C/INRIA  </s>
<s> With any kind of luck, Frederic should be receiving two copies of this.  </s>
<s> :-) Since Olivier is unavailable for while list moderator issues are mostly on hold until he returns -- hence your eternally queued message Frederic -- but Dom has added Frederic to the list so future messages should avoid moderation delay.  </s>
<s> For those that don't know, Frederic Shutz schutz@mathgen.ch  </s>
<s> has volunteered to be our Debian packager.  </s>
<s> Welcome on board Frederic!  </s>
<s> Go ahead and "cvs rm" these.  </s>
<s> I checked with Dom on IRC and as far as we could tell, only /traceroute was ever publically exposed -- and, as we all know, "Cool URIs Don't Change" :-) -- and we need to make some changes to account for that on v.w3.org, but these can be specific to there and don't need to be in CVS.  </s>
<s> The rest are not (or no longer) used.  </s>
<s> Dom: cf. our discussion on IRC: Could you dump the "Alice doesn't live here anymore" HTML from /traceroute, save it to /usr/local/validator/htdocs/traceroute.html, and remove the ScriptAlias for /traceroute from httpd.conf?  </s>
<s> Oh, and about progress towards 0.6.2; the big issue for 0.6.2 -- the GET vs. POST thing -- has been dealt with so I'm in no particular hurry to get a new version out the door.  </s>
<s> But we still have quite a few issues that were addressed after 0.6.1 was released and we have yet to nail down a good way to distribute the "binary" packages.  </s>
<s> I've created a 0.6.2 Release meta-bug in Bugzilla[0] (Bug #121).  </s>
<s> Please think carefully about issues remaining that you want addressed for 0.6.2, create bugs in Bugzilla for them, and add them as blockers for the meta-bug.  </s>
<s> As a timing guide, I want to be ready to make a 0.6.2 release before the end of the year (even if we choose to wait until later to actually do the release) that is sufficiently solid that we won't need a 0.6.3 release, and which deals with debs/rpms in a sufficiently sane manner that I won't walk around feeling permanently guilty about not doing enough to support Frederic and Ville in their packaging efforts.  </s>
<s> :-| [0] - http://www.w3.org/Bugs/Public/show_bug.cgi?id=121  </s>
<s> Oh, and speaking of availability; I'll probably be mostly-offline from Friday 20th until Friday 27th.  </s>
<s> I'll be off visiting the in-laws -- also known as "Being A Good Boyfriend" :-) -- with metered ISDN dialup as the only Internet access.  </s>
<s> IOW, do not expect replies to email in this period.  </s>
<s> Of course we are the good guys!  </s>
<s> We define what is good and evil.  </s>
<s> All other definitions are wrong, and possibly the product of a deranged imagination.  </s>
<s> -- Stephen Harris  </s>
