<s> Yes, the consensus of the working group was that we would not use a bug in a single (albeit very widespread :-) implementation as a driver for this issue.  </s>
<s> So the current argument for removal of these resourcetype values is not because they interact poorly with the buggy client, but rather that they are not needed for any client (buggy or not).  </s>
<s> Cheers, Geoff  </s>
<s> From: Jim Amsden The reason we can't introduce new resource types for all of the versioning resources is because we have to support down-level clients that only know about DAV:collection.  </s>
<s> For new resources that down-level clients couldn't possibly know about, workspaces, activities, baselines, etc., we don't have this restriction.  </s>
<s> I agree with Greg and Tim.  </s>
<s> We should be as specific as we can about declared type and only compromise when required by interoperability considerations.  </s>
<s> I thought we had rather strong guidance that working around bugs in a single implementation was NOT recommended.  </s>
<s> Clarification, Jim?  </s>
<s> I'd also point out that frequently it will be OK even with buggy clients to introduce new resource types.  </s>
<s> For example, I don't suppose it will be that easy for non-versioning-aware clients to stumble across URLs of collections of version-histories, activities, baselines and workspaces.  </s>
<s> Not all of these new resources are even browsable, and they may not appear in any regular URL space that regular clients are expected to use.  </s>
<s> So I think we're real close here.  </s>
<s> Since we agree that there *may* be circumstances where new DAV:resourcetypes will need to be introduced (otherwise its a pretty useless property), then any issues with current servers that don't parse DAV:resourcetype properly would have to be addressed anyway.  </s>
<s> Given solutions to that problem, we are then faced with  </s>
<s> an opportunity to describe some of the more interesting static characteristics of the new DeltaV resources in a DAV:resourcetype as a convenience to client writers so they don't have to know the methods and properties supported by a particular type to know the type.  </s>
<s> This is of course not required, but since it is 1) more convenient, 2) standard OO practice, 3) established DAV practice, 4) solves any potential subtype override ambiguity problem, 5) is already (partially) in the DeltaV spec, and 6) fits well with our use of resource type names in the spec, it seems like a reasonable thing to conisder.  </s>
<s> I like Tim's approach of including the supertype tags in the resource type with the subtype name first.  </s>
<s> This shouldn't break any client that follows the RFC2518 convention of ignoring unknown XML tags, provides all the static type information needed, and makes it very easy for clients to check for the type they are interested in by simply using getAllElementsByTagName() on the DAV:resourcetype element.  </s>
<s> Clients that can't handle this are not following the DAV spec and should probably be fixed rather than forcing the protocol to work around them.  </s>
<s> "Clemm, Geoff" gclemm@rational.com  </s>
<s> Sent by: ietf-dav-versioning-request@w3.org 06/21/2001 02:05 PM Subject: RE: Removing the DAV:activity and DAV:version-history and DAV:bas eline resource type values For those (likely very few) new resource types that have exactly the same properties and methods as an existing resource type, you would be free to add an additional value to the DAV:resourcetype property.  </s>
<s> But since none of the resources introduced by the versioning protocol have this characteristic (i.e. they all have a set of new properties or methods that they support), we needn't add new resource type values in the DeltaV protocol.  </s>
<s> Cheers, Geoff DAV:bas eline resource type values I agree with Geoff that *most* new resource types do result in at least one new method and/or property.  </s>
<s> But this is fundamentally a poor thing to depend on as we know there can be (and therefore probably will be) subtypes that don't add new methods or properties, but only override behavior of their superclass.  </s>
<s> By not resolving the resource type issue to support such situations, we may be just putting the problem off in such a way that it will need to be solved in some very different manner by some future protocol extension.  </s>
<s> This is what keeps nagging at me.  </s>
<s> I don't have any strong opinion, but when I saw a recent mail that listed about 5 values in resourcetype , it made me wonder if there was a subtype hierarchy for all the values listed (especially when values such as version-controlled/ were added) or whether they were orthogonal concepts.  </s>
<s> If orthogonal concepts were present, then they *could* be in separate properties rather than introducing the concept of sub-types etc. Eg: *could* be done as I am not recommending it - just raising it as an alternative.  </s>
<s> I am still struggling to understand all the versioning concepts flying around here and after reading the DeltaV draft spec!  </s>
<s> In some ways I am happy to see that people on this list are still trying to work out things too (ie - its not just me!) Mind you it also makes me a little worried that people are still trying sort out what basic concepts mean.  </s>
<s> And the complexity of it all seems quite high to me (a new comer) at the moment.  </s>
<s> But I guess that is why it is draft!  </s>
<s> :-) :-) :-) ajk  </s>
<s> From: Alan Kent [mailto:ajk@mds.rmit.edu.au]  </s>
<s> If orthogonal concepts were present, then they *could* be in separate properties rather than introducing the concept of sub-types etc. Eg: *could* be done as Yes, this is the approach that the "DAV:supported-live-property-set" folks are advocating.  </s>
<s> But rather than just a property whose value is "TRUE", we try to define a property with interesting semantics that characterize the resource (e.g. DAV:version contains the stable URL that identifies that version).  </s>
<s> I am not recommending it - just raising it as an alternative.  </s>
<s> I am still struggling to understand all the versioning concepts flying around here and after reading the DeltaV draft spec!  </s>
<s> There are never a shortage of interesting things to debate (:-).  </s>
<s> Some things are proposed new features or modified behavior of existing features.  </s>
<s> Some things are general HTTP or WebDAV issues that have arisen in a versioning context.  </s>
<s> Some things are questions of how certain desired behaviors can be exposed or requested by the existing protocol.  </s>
<s> In some ways I am happy to see that people on this list are still trying to work out things too (ie - its not just me!) There are always new folks on the list, so never feel shy about asking newbie questions ... sometimes the response will be just a reference to an old thread, but that just helps motivate us to get the FAQ written (:-).  </s>
<s> Mind you it also makes me a little worried that people are still trying sort out what basic concepts mean.  </s>
<s> Those are the issues that *never* get resolved (:-).  </s>
<s> "What is a resource?"  </s>
<s> "When should information be marshalled in a header or in the body?"  </s>
<s> And our current "What is a resource type?".  </s>
<s> These are the kinds of metaphysical debates that occur while there aren't any more concrete issues open (:-).  </s>
<s> And the complexity of it all seems quite high to me (a new comer) at the moment.  </s>
<s> I'd recommend starting by identifying the functionality that you want to expose on your server, and then figure out how you would support the core-versioning package (just the "version-control" feature) with your server.  </s>
<s> Once you have done that, you have identified how your server will interoperate with all core-versioning clients.  </s>
<s> If all of your functionality is exposed by the core-versioning package, then you are done, and you can ignore the rest of the versioning protocol.  </s>
<s> If you still have some interesting features you would like to expose in an interoperable way, decide whether you want to support the in-place-checkout feature or the workspace feature.  </s>
<s> (If you want to support both, randomly pick one to investigate first.) If you want to support in-place-checkout, that is included in the server-workspace package, so you'll also need to read up on the version-history and workspace features.  </s>
<s> If you want to support working resources, that is included in the client-workspace package, so you'll also need to read up on the update and label features.  </s>
<s> And finally, if you're doing heavy duty versioning, there are the advanced versioning features.  </s>
<s> Cheers, Geoff  </s>
