<s> Thanks for the posting Win.  </s>
<s> I wanted to clarify a point concerning the process.  </s>
<s> I assume that for the 7/30 deliverables, all that will needed is a simple posting to the list.  </s>
<s> However, for the 8/31 deliverables, what is the preferred format for the detailed descriptions?  </s>
<s> Should these be submitted to the IETF as Internet-Drafts?  </s>
<s> Should these just be submitted as text files to the mailing list?  </s>
<s> Etc.?  </s>
<s> Tom Stephens  </s>
<s> From: Win Treese[SMTP:treese@openmarket.com] Sent: Tuesday, July 02, 1996 9:25 PM Subject: making progress As noted in the meeting summary, the group has decided to move forward from SSL V3.0 as a starting point.  </s>
<s> The draft posted two weeks ago has been revoked.  </s>
<s> There are a number of issues that we need to resolve, most of which have already had discussion on the list.  </s>
<s> A list of the ones I know about (at least) will be included when the meeting minutes come out in a few days.  </s>
<s> In order to make rapid progress and have a solid draft for discussion in December, we need to identify all of the issues we might possibly tackle, get detailed proposals for them on the table, debate them, and then merge everything into a discussion draft.  </s>
<s> Therefore, I propose that we proceed as follows: 7/30/96 All issues on the table, with justifications why they are important.  </s>
<s> On or about 8/2/96, I will post a summary of where we are.  </s>
<s> Some issues may be accepted or rejected in ensuing discussion during July.  </s>
<s> 8/31/96 Proposed text/detailed descriptions for proposals due.  </s>
<s> 9/30/96: Discussion on list of what we should move forward with.  </s>
<s> Early October: document editors/authors meet to hash out the text.  </s>
<s> (Exact set to be determined) Mid-October: discussion draft available for review.  </s>
<s> November: discussion on the list, organization of issues remaining for discussion at the San Jose meeting.  </s>
<s> December: meet in San Jose.  </s>
<s> I also propose that we limit discussion of this proposal to conclude by Friday, 7/12, so we don't get bogged down in process discussions.  </s>
<s> Comments and suggestions welcome, either to the list or to me privately.  </s>
<s> - Win Treese  </s>
<s> Text to the mailing list is preferred.  </s>
<s> I don't expect them to turn into separate Internet Drafts, but to incorporate the ones we want into the main Draft.  </s>
<s> - Win Treese  </s>
<s> In the interest of making progress, I think we need to have a common document to work from.  </s>
<s> If everyone thinks this is a good idea, I'd be happy to incorporate the SSL 3.0 errata into the spec and then make it available.  </s>
<s> Should I include change bars?  </s>
<s> Should I post it to the list, or put it up for ftp?  </s>
<s> Both?  </s>
<s> You should only break rules of style if you can | Tom Weinstein coherently explain what you gain by so doing.  </s>
<s> | tomw@netscape.com  </s>
