<s> Looks like we are going to be late getting WG comments in on the tag architecture document.  </s>
<s> I had a quiet word with the Tag co-chair and he suggested we could ask for an extension.  </s>
<s> Having committed that the WG would respond, I'd prefer that we honour that commitment.  </s>
<s> Thus I propose to ask for an extension till 27 Mar and we approve comments by email, if possible.  </s>
<s> I suggest that folks send in personal comments asap and we get WG endorsement of them by email.  </s>
<s> We have comments from Graham (thanks gk).  </s>
<s> I propose: - any proposed WG comments to list by Friday 12th March.  </s>
<s> - email discussion following week - approve 19th Mar if there is no controversy Brian  </s>
<s> Sounds OK to, but there's a small wrinkle.  </s>
<s> I intend to send as personal comments any that are deemed out of scope for RDFcore to present.  </s>
<s> Can the requested delay apply also to my personal comments?  </s>
<s> #g  </s>
<s> Graham Klyne  </s>
<s> I will be sending some comments.  </s>
<s> One immediate comment is that the one RDF reference cites M&amp;S rather than any of the new batch of specs, and needs to be updated.  </s>
<s> We might also want to think about a suggestion as to what form that reference should take.  </s>
<s> If there is only going to be one RDF reference, and that to a single document as now, my call would be it ought to cite Concepts (just as the one reference to OWL is to the Language Reference), but people may have other ideas.  </s>
<s> --Frank  </s>
