<s> Delta-V Working Group Meeting (1pm Wednesday August 8th, 2001) IETF'51 London, England Introduction by Jim Amsden, including status of working group document.  </s>
<s> IETF-wide last call imminent and well on the path to Proposed Standard.  </s>
<s> Geoff presented the changes made to the draft since versioning-16: - Overview of DAV:auto-version values.  </s>
<s> Noted that DAV:locked-checkout implies unlock checkin.  </s>
<s> - The supported live properties are marshalled as XML attributes, the proposal is to switch them back to name elements.  </s>
<s> However, method names may contain characters that are not valid as XML element names, so they will stay as attribute values, and there is no namespace to report.  </s>
<s> - Remove DAV:ok as a defined value for the check-out fork and check-in fork, and just leave the DAV:forbidden and DAV:discouraged values.  </s>
<s> Servers  </s>
<s> should just check for these flags.  </s>
<s> This means that forking is ok if the value is empty (or DAV:ok).  </s>
<s> - Similarly, an empty value for DAV:auto-version means that there is no auto-versioning happening for that resource.  </s>
<s> - Change the specification to say that servers SHOULD implement the expand property report, and move the description of the report earlier in the document to illustrate that it is not an advanced feature.  </s>
<s> - Should clarify the relationship between the DAV:supported-method-set and  </s>
<s> the Allow: header.  </s>
<s> Should it report for the current state of the resource ?  </s>
<s> or for any state of the resource?  </s>
<s> Current consensus is that 'supported' means for any state.  </s>
<s> Should we clarify what the Allow: header means?  </s>
<s> E.g. for a version-controlled resource, does Allow: include both CHECKIN and CHECKOUT or only ever just one of them?  </s>
<s> Note that we still require the supported-methods property to permit depth queries.  </s>
<s> Call for consensus within the room on what "allow" and "supported" means ?  </s>
<s> agreed that they should mean the same thing.  </s>
<s> Proposed that it means will succeed on some state of the resource, and not necessarily the current state.  </s>
<s> - When a version-controlled resource is auto-checked-out, an explicit UNLOCK request will fail if the version-controlled resource cannot be auto-checked-in.  </s>
<s> However, when the server removes the lock (when the lock expires) what is the server allowed to do on CHECKIN failure?  </s>
<s> (a) leave the resource checked-out and unlocked, (b) fail the lock timeout, and leave the resource checked-out and locked, (c) something else?  </s>
<s> Discussion of coupling UNLOCK and CHECKIN ?  </s>
<s> how can a versioning aware client do the UNLOCK if the CHECKIN will fail?  </s>
<s> No resolution in the meeting.  </s>
<s> - Discussion of adding extra data to the error conditions.  </s>
<s> - Replace locate history - Remove the PROPFIND semantics from UPDATE and MERGE (or justify its use in the specification).  </s>
<s> - Discussion of procedure for IESG last call.  </s>
<s> Ned stated that there appears to be no major issues outstanding with the latest draft of the document, so Geoff will put produce versioning-17 sometime next week and let that go forward for IESG last call.  </s>
<s> - Lisa presented a proposal for identifying a subset of DeltaV for document versioning without forking.  </s>
<s> It would include core, in-place check-out and maybe working resources package.  </s>
<s> It will be DeltaV compliant.  </s>
<s> - Lisa stated that she has outstanding issues with supported-live-properties. The group agreed to compromise by stating that the specification will state that DAV:supported-live-properties MUST include the supported DeltaV and WebDAV live properties and SHOULD include other server-defined live properties.  </s>
<s> - Lisa also requested an UNVERSION capability to remove the history resource and versions and working resources and leave the version-controlled resources as regular versionable resources.  </s>
<s> Maybe even leave working resources as versionable resources.  </s>
<s> - Question: What happens to version-controlled resources when a history resource is DELETEd?  </s>
<s> Should say in the spec?  </s>
<s> - Future work should consider variant management and document work flow and change request management.  </s>
<s> Put out a request for participants in the WebDAV working group.  </s>
<s> - WebDAV inter-op events should include DeltaV (rather than have a separate DeltaV event).  </s>
<s> - Expected progression from here: Geoff writes versioning-17; one week to get through queue into draft; Ned gives Steve the ok to send versioning-17 to IESG last call; last call period is two weeks (min.); then it goes onto the IESG agenda for becoming a Proposed Standard (IESG meets every two weeks).  </s>
<s> The RFC editor output requires careful author review.  </s>
<s> Close down the working group.  </s>
<s> After six months consider going for draft standard which requires two clients and two servers with distinct code bases to inter-op.  </s>
<s> Finally go for full standard some time after that.  </s>
<s> - Meeting closed at 2:45pm Regards, Tim Ellison Java Technology Centre, MP146 IBM UK Laboratory, Hursley Park, Winchester, UK. SO21 2JN  </s>
<s> Servers  </s>
<s> [I was only minuting what was said in the meeting g ] But I agree that the empt property value and the missing property should both be interpreted as you say.  </s>
<s> The server implementation would simply look for (in forking) the DAV:discouraged or DAV:forbidden tags and react accordingly if they are found.  </s>
<s> Ignoring other tags such as DAV:ok and DAV:foobar will provide future extensibility.  </s>
<s> Clearly those tags will not be found if the property value is empty.  </s>
<s> This would allow a supported-live-property set to indicate if forking or auto-versioning is enabled.  </s>
<s> Servers will report the live properties as supported even if they are not currently set on the resource (assuming the server really does support them of course).  </s>
<s> So inclusion in the DAV:supported-live-properties-set will not help distinguish between unset and empty properties.  </s>
<s> I guess I am not sure when it's best to have empty properties, versus removing the property (pros and cons of both).? But one thing I do know is that it would be good if we were consistent in the spec.  </s>
<s> I think it is sufficient for the spec to state what it means when the property includes a given value, without having to distinguish between missing and empty properties.  </s>
<s> However, to make the document readable and unambiguous I support the (purely editorial) change to refer to the properties being removed.  </s>
<s> Can you remember if there was some reason why we said the property would be empty as opposed to being removed?  </s>
<s> I don't think that there is any distinction to be made.  </s>
<s> Regards, Tim  </s>
<s> From: Tim Ellison [mailto:Tim_Ellison@uk.ibm.com]  </s>
<s> I guess I am not sure when it's best to have empty properties, versus removing the property (pros and cons of both).? But one thing I do know is that it would be good if we were consistent in the spec.  </s>
<s> I think it is sufficient for the spec to state what it means when the property includes a given value, without having to distinguish between missing and empty properties.  </s>
<s> However, to make the document readable and unambiguous I support the (purely editorial) change to refer to the properties being removed.  </s>
<s> I agree.  </s>
<s> Can you remember if there was some reason why we said the property would be empty as opposed to being removed?  </s>
<s> I don't think that there is any distinction to be made.  </s>
<s> I agree.  </s>
<s> Cheers, Geoff  </s>
