<s> Hello, I urge all of you to familiarize yourselves with the proposals listed in the agenda so that we can make good progress at the meeting this week.  </s>
<s> I feel we have begun to stall and we need to maintain momentum to get through the rest of the minimal conformance requirements.  </s>
<s> Thank you, - Ian Contents of this message: 1) Information about the teleconference 2) Agenda (7 items on the agenda) 3) Open action items, completed action items.  </s>
<s> About the meeting: When: Thursday, 29 June from 2:00 pm to 3:30 pm ET, USA Where: Longfellow Bridge (+1) (617) 252-1038 Chair: Ian Jacobs Agenda: 0) Eric Hansen's proposal to make checkpoints express minimal requirements directly. 1) Single key (10.5) from Kitch 2) PR#287: Proposed clarification to checkpoints 3.3, 3.5, 3.6 In particular, this proposal: This satisfied my action from last week: Action IJ: Propose a new 4.6 with deleted 3.3, 3.5, 3.6.  </s>
<s> 3) Min / Max requirements for speech synthesis rates.  </s>
<s> Refer to Gregory's proposal: 4) Multimedia definitions.  </s>
<s> 5) Checkpoint 7.5: Proposed search minreq: case-sensitive forward.  </s>
<s> 6) Checkpoints 6.1, 8.1, 2.7, 8.2, and 8.3 7) Other minimal requirements part of issue PR#257 (No proposals) a) "Easy access": 10.8, 2.3 b) Checkpoint 10.4: Input configuration c) Checkpoints 4.13 and 4.14: selection and focus highlight d) Checkpoint 9.3: Configuration of notification.  </s>
<s> Open Action Items: 1) IJ: Draft a preliminary executive summary/mini-FAQ for developers.  </s>
<s> (No deadline.)  </s>
<s> 2) CMN: Propose a technique that explains how serialization plus navigation would suffice for Checkpoint 8.1.  </s>
<s> 3) GR: Look into which checkpoints would benefit from audio examples in the techniques document.  </s>
<s> 4) GR: Pursue speech synth ranges for other properties than speech rate.  </s>
<s> 5) GR: Re-examine the orientation checkpoints and see whether they can be clarified to account for control of rendering of audio (and possibly other content) on load.  </s>
<s> Completed Action Items: 1) IJ: Incorporate changes to volume checkpoints in the next draft.  </s>
<s> 2) IJ: Propose multimedia definitions to the list to define borders of these proposed checkpoints.  </s>
<s> Ian Jacobs (jacobs@w3.org) http://www.w3.org/People/Jacobs Cell: +1 917 450-8783  </s>
<s> As I explained a few weeks ago, I no longer understand this action item.  </s>
<s> Since I have not done it, and it is not getting clearer, I am going to drop it for lack of time.  </s>
<s> Charles  </s>
<s> 2) CMN: Propose a technique that explains how serialization plus navigation would suffice for Checkpoint 8.1.  </s>
<s> I'm ok with that.  </s>
<s> - Ian  </s>
<s> Ian Jacobs (jacobs@w3.org) http://www.w3.org/People/Jacobs Cell: +1 917 450-8783  </s>
