<s> My current approach, unless guided otherwise by our working group chair, is to only make changes to the protocol if there is consensus that the change should be made.  </s>
<s> Currently, I do not see consensus on either the resourcetype issue, or the working resource checkin issue (note: this means that the current DAV:resourcetype values in the protocol stay in).  </s>
<s> Since I believe that neither of these issues represent a critical flaw in the protocol (but rather represent possibly useful extensions that we could add in later), I propose that we table the issues for now.  </s>
<s> Would anyone like to take these topics to our Friday noon conference call?  </s>
<s> It is possible that we could make more progress with that higher bandwidth medium.  </s>
<s> In any case, we will discuss them at the DeltaV working group meeting in London.  </s>
<s> Cheers, Geoff I don't think we are getting close to a consensus on this issue.  </s>
<s> I'm personally in favor of using dav:resourcetype for type information (after Yaron used his Jedi mind tricks on me), but I don't care enough to argue about it anymore.  </s>
<s> Is there a defined IETF procedure for flipping a coin to decide on what to do with a spec, or some other source of randomness?  </s>
<s> How about if everybody agrees that if the Dow is an even number on Monday (at the close, truncating fractional part) we will put type information in dav:resourcetype, and if it is an odd number, we will use supported-*-resource-set (and go back to dav:is-principal in the ACL spec)?  </s>
<s> Deal?  </s>
<s> Geoff?  </s>
<s> (P.S.  </s>
<s> I have a suggested topic as an alternative for those who want to argue about this more: Is operator overloading in C++ a good idea or not?  </s>
<s> Discuss.) --Eric  </s>
<s> I'd be happy to be in the conf call and bring up what I see as two major remaining problems.  </s>
<s> They are not merely marshalling problems.  </s>
<s> If it were my implementation design that had these problems, I would call them "showstoppers".  </s>
<s> 1. Stored resources can get lost, or unfindable.  </s>
<s> This happens when VCRs are deleted (possibly by clients that don't understand versioning).  </s>
<s> The problem is that even versioning-aware clients may not subsequently be able to find the VHRs and Version resources that are thus orphaned.  </s>
<s> This is a memory leak.  </s>
<s> Solutions to problem 1 might involve something like a "orphaned resources report" that allowed the storage losses to be "found".  </s>
<s> 2. Features which DeltaV has presented as "independent" are not.  </s>
<s> Working Resource requires UPDATE and possibly workspaces.  </s>
<s> Solutions to problem 2 might involve defining a CHECKIN verb that includes the update functionality.  </s>
<s> Or it might involve recombining the sections of DeltaV so that a server cannot advertise support for Working Resource if it does not support UPDATE and possibly workspaces.  </s>
<s> Please let me know when the conf call is and how to join.  </s>
<s> Lisa  </s>
<s> I agree with this approach and conclusion.  </s>
<s> Let's focus on making sure we have the full issue list and a set of candidate solutions to discuss.  </s>
<s> Some may interact.  </s>
<s> The working group activity indicates we're not done, but we're healthy and moving forward.  </s>
<s> Thanks to everyone for the thoughtful input.  </s>
<s> "Clemm, Geoff" gclemm@rational.com  </s>
<s> Sent by: ietf-dav-versioning-request@w3.org 06/22/2001 06:12 PM Subject: Resolving outstanding issues in DeltaV My current approach, unless guided otherwise by our working group chair, is to only make changes to the protocol if there is consensus that the change should be made.  </s>
<s> Currently, I do not see consensus on either the resourcetype issue, or the working resource checkin issue (note: this means that the current DAV:resourcetype values in the protocol stay in).  </s>
<s> Since I believe that neither of these issues represent a critical flaw in the protocol (but rather represent possibly useful extensions that we could add in later), I propose that we table the issues for now.  </s>
<s> Would anyone like to take these topics to our Friday noon conference call?  </s>
<s> It is possible that we could make more progress with that higher bandwidth medium.  </s>
<s> In any case, we will discuss them at the DeltaV working group meeting in London.  </s>
<s> Cheers, Geoff I don't think we are getting close to a consensus on this issue.  </s>
<s> I'm personally in favor of using dav:resourcetype for type information (after Yaron used his Jedi mind tricks on me), but I don't care enough to argue about it anymore.  </s>
<s> Is there a defined IETF procedure for flipping a coin to decide on what to do with a spec, or some other source of randomness?  </s>
<s> How about if everybody agrees that if the Dow is an even number on Monday (at the close, truncating fractional part) we will put type information in dav:resourcetype, and if it is an odd number, we will use supported-*-resource-set (and go back to dav:is-principal in the ACL spec)?  </s>
<s> Deal?  </s>
<s> Geoff?  </s>
<s> (P.S.  </s>
<s> I have a suggested topic as an alternative for those who want to argue about this more: Is operator overloading in C++ a good idea or not?  </s>
<s> Discuss.) --Eric  </s>
<s> From: Lisa Dusseault [mailto:lisa@xythos.com] I'd be happy to be in the conf call and bring up what I see as two major remaining problems.  </s>
<s> They are not merely marshalling problems.  </s>
<s> If it were my implementation design that had these  </s>
<s> problems, I would call them "showstoppers".  </s>
<s> I'll add these issues to the agenda for the call.  </s>
<s> 1. Stored resources can get lost, or unfindable.  </s>
<s> This happens when VCRs are deleted (possibly by clients that don't understand versioning).  </s>
<s> The problem is that even versioning-aware clients may not subsequently be able to find the VHRs and Version resources that are thus orphaned.  </s>
<s> This is a memory leak.  </s>
<s> A garbage collector that deletes objects that still have references to them is as much of a bug (and arguably, more of a bug) than a garbage collector that misses some objects.  </s>
<s> Since a reference to a resource  </s>
<s> can appear in some dead property or in the content of an HTML resource or even in some email message, we have no good way of determining whether there are any outstanding references to a particular Web resource.  </s>
<s> Of course, that doesn't mean that we can never remove resources from web sites, but it does mean that the removal policy might not be one we can reach consensus about.  </s>
<s> So until we reach consensus on the appropriate mechanisms for reclaiming disk space, it is likely that the protocol will remain neutral/silent on the issue.  </s>
<s> Since the versioning protocol has no normative statements of the form "the server MUST NOT delete ...", the versioning protocol does not conflict with any such technique, and therefore it raises no barrier to any such choices a server (or future protocol version) choses to make.  </s>
<s> Solutions to problem 1 might involve something like a "orphaned resources report" that allowed the storage losses to be "found".  </s>
<s> Such a report is reasonable (and we certainly will be providing a custom report of this kind for my server), but since this report is independent of the current feature set, I would not suggest holding up standardizing on the current set of features in order to reach consensus on the semantics and protocol for this report.  </s>
<s> 2. Features which DeltaV has presented as "independent" are not.  </s>
<s> Working  </s>
<s> Resource requires UPDATE and possibly workspaces.  </s>
<s> There are five packages defined in the versioning protocol.  </s>
<s> There is no package that provides the working resource feature without the update feature, so in that sense, yes, the working resource feature requires the update feature (and vica versa).  </s>
<s> There is no package that provides both the working resource feature and the workspace feature, so in no sense does the working resource feature require the workspace feature.  </s>
<s> Solutions to problem 2 might involve defining a CHECKIN verb that includes the update functionality.  </s>
<s> Or it might involve recombining the sections of DeltaV so that a server cannot advertise support for Working Resource if it does not support UPDATE and possibly workspaces.  </s>
<s> A server is already told that it SHOULD support one of the defined packages, and there is no package that has the working-resource feature without the update feature).  </s>
<s> We tried to strengthen that to a MUST, but could not achieve consensus on that stronger statement.  </s>
<s> Please let me know when the conf call is and how to join.  </s>
<s> I'll send out mail beginning of next week.  </s>
<s> It should be the standard number, but I just have to confirm with our IT organization that that number is still reserved for us at that time.  </s>
<s> Cheers, Geoff  </s>
<s> Missing objects is fatal.  </s>
<s> Deleting objects that have references, in a loosely coupled system where the references are understood to be conditional (files on the web -- ever seen a broken link?) is a feature.  </s>
<s> This report would not cause changes to the current feature set, but without it the feature set is not complete without additions.  </s>
<s> Is completeness required to be a draft, or just relative stability?  </s>
<s> From: John Hall [mailto:johnhall@evergo.net]  </s>
<s> Missing objects is fatal.  </s>
<s> Not for the servers of many members of this working group.  </s>
<s> Deleting objects that have references, in a loosely coupled system where the references are understood to be conditional (files on the web -- ever seen a broken link?) is a feature.  </s>
<s> Not for the servers of many members of this working group, whose users are not happy to receive a "404" for information they have committed to their versioning system.  </s>
<s> This report would not cause changes to the current feature set, but without it the feature set is not complete without additions.  </s>
<s> Is completeness required to be a draft, or just relative stability?  </s>
<s> There are always additional interesting and worthwhile features that could be added to any IETF protocol, and therefore "completeness" is never required or expected from an ietf standard.  </s>
<s> Cheers, Geoff  </s>
