<s> 2003-09-12 RDFCore WG meeting (60 mins) Agenda: Transcript: swebscrape:N3:python:http://www.w3.org/2001/sw/RDFCore/scripts/minutes2n3.py date: 2003-09-12 Roll call: Dave Beckett (scribe) Dan Brickley (chair) Jeremy Carroll Dan Connolly Mike Dean Jan Grant Pat Hayes Graham Klyne Frank Manola  </s>
<s> Brian McBride  </s>
<s> Eric Miller Jos De Roo Patrick Stickler Regrets: None Review agenda: Next telecon: 19 Sep 2003 1000 Boston Time for 60 minutes - Jeremy Carroll to scribe 5. Minutes of last telecon: (2003-09-05) Approved.  </s>
<s> 6: Confirm Status of Completed or Withdrawn Actions All confirmed completed or withdrawn as described in agenda.  </s>
<s> 7: Misc Actions - Status 2002-04-05#2 continued - update the wording to note this is a reminder to keep mime type registration process moving 2002-06-18#11 continued 2002-11-22#3 continued 2002-11-22#4 withdrawn 2002-12-06#10 continued 2003-01-03#1 continued 2003-01-24#14 continued Scribe Note: More from Dan Brickley to be added here.  </s>
<s> 8: publication status (we have new specs, not been formally announced to RDF lists at time of writing) ACTION 2003-09-12#1 danbri announce 5 September 2003 WDs to www-rdf-interest with the I18N issue specifically called out.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2003-09-12#2 danbri send a request to webont to look at 5 September 2003 WDs  </s>
<s> 9: Brian's alternate design writeup: summary of pros/cons There was a discussion on this design (now described as "Martin's design") and several people saw problems: PatrickS, danbri, GrahamK - backward incompatibility bwm (disagreed with backward incompat.) 1) building XML into the core of RDF 2) being "two clever by half" - it needed to be explained several times.  </s>
<s> jang - agrees with bwm's points jjc - charmod doesn't say always use XML for markup patS, gk - XML in the RDF  </s>
<s> gk - stay with what we have DaveB - breaking data, problems with graph to RDF/XML serialization The chair noted that there was no support in the working group for spending further time in this design area now.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2003-09-12#3 jjc mention other designs in I18N proposed response 10: escaping % in RDF URI refs: can this be wrapped up?  </s>
<s> Jeremy reported there is a need for a change on what is said about control characters and maybe on spaces in URIs, or say less.  </s>
<s> He proposed adding a note about fixing it in an Errata in future.  </s>
<s> DaveB asked that future promises weren't made.  </s>
<s> DanC raised wanting to make a substantive change by changing RDF URIrefs to say less (or nothing) by refering entirely to another definition.  </s>
<s> Jeremy noted we need absolute uris, and thus resolving of relative ones such as against xml:base, so the URI RFC alone isn't sufficient.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2003-09-12#4 DanC write email to the WG to propose to change RDF so that there are no syntax errors in URIs (in the rdf:resource attribute etc.) 12: " 3 "^^xsd:integer / xml schema and whitespace: can this be wrapped up?  </s>
<s> RDF Core's xmlsch-02 issue response was ACTION 2003-09-12#5 DanC ask XML Schema WG for a response on the xmlsch-02 issue 13: response to pfps re NFC ACTION 2003-09-12#6 jjc response to pfps using the proposal in http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/w3c-rdfcore-wg/2003Sep/0143 with minor updates 11: Internationalization (not reached) The meeting closed.  </s>
<s> Two minor corrections about what I said ...  </s>
<s> s/markup/text/ (also "two clever by half")  </s>
<s> Replace last sentence by: "Jeremy noted we need absolute uris, and thus a definition of URI resolution." (I like the level of detail in the minutes).  </s>
<s> Jeremy  </s>
<s> Please may I have an accurate list of decisions made so that I can update the action tracker.  </s>
<s> Brian  </s>
<s> * Brian McBride bwm@hplb.hpl.hp.com [2003-09-18 10:41+0100]  </s>
<s> My bad; will get right on that.  </s>
