<s> Hi there Minutes available at http://wai/ua/2001/10/minutes-20011022 -t Tim Lacy Accessibility Program Manager Accessible Technologies Group  </s>
<s> Oops. Hi there Minutes available at http://wai/ua/2001/10/minutes-20011022 -t Tim Lacy Accessibility Program Manager Accessible Technologies Group  </s>
<s> Corrected URL for meeting minutes:  </s>
<s> - Ian Ian Jacobs (ij@w3.org)  </s>
<s> http://www.w3.org/People/Jacobs  </s>
<s> Minor change (as to make that statement make sense): q For development: When we don't implement a checkpoint, we either think "Good idea" or "What do we need that for?".  </s>
<s> For the case of an HTML browser, we have mostly thought "Good idea".  </s>
<s> /q That should be q When there is a checkpoint we haven't implemented, we either think of it "Good idea" or "What do we need that for?".  </s>
<s> In our case making an HTML browser, we have mostly thought "Good idea".  </s>
<s> /q We have not yet gotten to the state that we don't implement something *because* it is a good idea... Jonny Axelsson Documentation, Opera software  </s>
<s> Hi, Thanks for the opportunity to join the conformance/testing discussion yesterday.  </s>
<s> I had a look at the minutes, and there is one minor nit whose correction may help prevent confusion.  </s>
<s> It is written: "LH: For both XSLT WG and ..." We're not talking about the W3C WG here.  </s>
<s> It is actually the OASIS XSLT/Xpath Conformance TC,  </s>
<s> Regards, -Lofton.  </s>
<s> Thanks for the clarification.  </s>
<s> From a functional stand point is there any problem borrowing some of their work for our purposes?  </s>
<s> Thanks, jon  </s>
<s> Thank you Lofton, for attending.  </s>
<s> I have corrected the minutes and included the link to the Oasis TC work.  </s>
<s> - Ian Ian Jacobs (ij@w3.org)  </s>
<s> http://www.w3.org/People/Jacobs  </s>
<s> I don't think so.  </s>
<s> We (I'm a member of the TC) are about to make a public release of all of the materials (**including much better documentation**), for the purpose of starting to build the XSLT test suite from available contributions.  </s>
<s> It has also been a goal, since fairly early in the designs, to "genericize" the XSLT procedures enough so that they would be widely useful (beyond XSLT).  </s>
<s> Finally, I think there is the intention to submit it work to W3C (QA) when it is in proper shape.  </s>
<s> Already, Kirill Gavrylyuk (TC member from Microsoft) is presenting the "Infoset-ize" parts at the first QAWG/IG f2f in Brussels.  </s>
<s> Regards, -Lofton.  </s>
<s> p.s. As a courtesy, I intend to email the TC and inform them of my ad-hoc speaking on the TC work.  </s>
<s> I'll invite any comments about others borrowing the work.  </s>
<s> -LH.  </s>
<s> Lofton Henderson 1919 Fourteenth St., #604 Boulder, CO 80302  </s>
<s> Thanks, I just want every thing understood up front.  </s>
<s> Jon  </s>
