<s> Agenda: Transcript: swebscrape:N3:python: http://www.w3.org/2001/sw/RDFCore/scripts/minutes2n3.py date: 2003-11-07 Item 2: Roll call Present: Dave Beckett Dan Brickley (chair) Jeremy Carroll Dan Connolly Mike Dean Jan Grant (scribe) Pat Hayes Graham Klyne Frank Manola Jos de Roo Patrick Stickler Regrets: Eric Miller Item 3: Review agenda AOB: JJC had sent preliminary proposed responses to I18N comments (see below) GK: had process questions wrt mime type draft.  </s>
<s> Item 4: date of next telecon (next week?)  </s>
<s> Many members would be in Japan or otherwise absent.  </s>
<s> No decision was recorded at the meeting; postponement seemed likely.  </s>
<s> Item 5: Approve minutes of previous meetings.  </s>
<s> 2003-10-10 http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/w3c-rdfcore-wg/2003Oct/0150.html  </s>
<s> APPROVED.  </s>
<s> 2003-10-31 http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/w3c-rdfcore-wg/2003Oct/0217.html  </s>
<s> APPROVED.  </s>
<s> Item 6: Completed actions.  </s>
<s> ALL DONE.  </s>
<s> Item 7: document status.  </s>
<s> Reiteration of process: ANY changes to the document must be circulated to the WG for chairs to pass as editorial or schedule time on.  </s>
<s> Item 7a: Syntax.  </s>
<s> DaveB had one set of proposed editoral changes to address a point by PFPS.  </s>
<s> JJC supported those changes (thought the doc was better for them).  </s>
<s> DaveB: however, it'll be 10 days before I can devote large amounts of time to editing the doc any more.  </s>
<s> DaveB completed preliminary edits to the WD shortly after the meeting.  </s>
<s> Item 7b: Schema  </s>
<s> DanBri was awaiting feedback on a schema LC2 comment.  </s>
<s> action status: 20031031#8 DanBri Get documents and other language material to right places CONTINUED ACTION 2003-11-07#1 danbri to look at the I18N comment on schema wrt Alt  </s>
<s> Item 7c: Semantics  </s>
<s> PatH had received feedback wrt the range constraint on rdf:predicate In consequence: ACTION 2003-11-07#2 danbri to change range of rdf:predicate to be \ rdfs:Resource in schema doc and associated schemata PatH reported that dialogue with Herman on the detailed proofs was ongoing and very useful.  </s>
<s> PatH added that PFPS had withdrawn his strong objection at the rejection of some of his comments: the issue was now moot.  </s>
<s> action status: 20031031#1 Path, Check with OWL folks on range of rdf:predictate COMPLETE 20031031#2 DANBRI Update schema doc accordingly CONTINUED  </s>
<s> Item 7d: Primer  </s>
<s> action status: 20031031#4 EM to respond on primer-minor-editorial COMPLETED by FrankM Frank: There are a number of editorial (REALLY editorial) comments and corresponding changes outstanding JJC: The second I18N comment is primer-specific and substantive Frank still needed time to review this comment in full.  </s>
<s> There was some discussion (see later in transcript) on the defaultless rdf:Alt alternative.  </s>
<s> GK: The decision seems to be covered by WG minutes: item 19  </s>
<s> Item 7e: test cases  </s>
<s> action status: 20030711#4 danc to get a test case for pfps-09 into OWL test case doc COMPLETE 20031031#5 Jang, remove test case and respond to commenter COMTINUED ACTION 2003-11-07#3 jang withdraw rdf-charmod-literals error001, \ error002 reflecting CONCEPTS changes ACTION 2003-11-07#4 jang create PFPS/PatH test cases wrt rdfs/XMLLiteral ACTION 2003-11-07#5 jang outline test case manifest with explicit \ cons constructs for WG/chair input.  </s>
<s> Item 7f: Concepts  </s>
<s> JJC: PFPS wasn't happy with URI issue, but agrees it's not our fault.  </s>
<s> DanC: urge you to cite TAG issue in response.  </s>
<s> JJC discussed the I18N comments, the first three of which are germane to CONCEPTS: ACTION 2003-11-07#6 bwm to review issue list to make sure that it's \ correct (specifically DanC/XMLLiteral issue) ACTION 2003-11-07#7 danc to respond to I18N comments on XMLLiteral \ (first two issues) pointing to initial rationale The third I18N issue: does the denotation of a markupless XMLLiteral = the denotation of the corresponding langtagless plain literal?  </s>
<s> JJC PROPOSED: I propose we add a new issue to the issue list: "relationship between XMLLiterals and plain literals," and postpone it.  </s>
<s> Rationale: The lack of semantic equivalence between XMLLiterals and plain literals has been clear since the first WD of RDF Concepts, and was arguable in RDF Model and Syntax.  </s>
<s> The RDF Semantics does not preclude RDF applications using additional information to determine that two literals are equivalent, but does not mandate that they should be.  </s>
<s> Hence, RDF applciations which require this equivalence may operate in such a mode, and so this issue is not a show stopper.  </s>
<s> DanC seconds.  </s>
<s> No objections; one abstention (JosD) DECIDED: as above.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2003-11-07#8 danc to respond to I18N comments on XMLLiteral \ without markup / plain literal relationship.  </s>
<s> Additionally, \ to include the "rdf:Alt default" with other responses.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2003-11-07#9 bwm to add postponed issue on I18N/XMLLiteral \ sans markup denotation The WG DECIDED (prop: bwm, second, danc, none against, no abst) that all other I18N comments were editorial and deferred to the primer editor.  </s>
<s> Item 9: next steps/schedule.  </s>
<s> JosD indicated he'd reviewed this.  </s>
<s> Proposed (DanC) for the WG to decide to request PR with today's docs + changes agreed by DanC, BWM, and respective editor.  </s>
<s> In a straw poll, all were in favour.  </s>
<s> Some particular reservations were expressed: JanG: test case manifest change may need attention  </s>
<s> BWM: yes, subject to adequate implementation report (happy for  </s>
<s> DanC/BWM to decide that) Formally (no seconder recorded): the proposal carried, with no abstentions and no objections.  </s>
<s> The meeting adjourned.  </s>
<s> jan grant, ILRT, University of Bristol.  </s>
<s> http://www.ilrt.bris.ac.uk/  </s>
<s> I would very much prefer that the record cite the then-current specs in detail.  </s>
<s> i.e. Editor's Draft of W3C Working Draft 7 November 2003 Last-Modified: Fri, 07 Nov 2003 15:58:37 GMT Content-Length: 194594 yes?  </s>
<s> Are there any supplementary files?  </s>
<s> figures?  </s>
<s> 10 October 2003 Last-Modified: Wed, 08 Oct 2003 17:33:20 GMT Content-Length: 81702 yes?  </s>
<s> 241190 bytes md5sum 4971ab5c4859eb5aad49830aa2860a1d Last-Modified: Thu, 06 Nov 2003 21:53:06 GMT  </s>
<s> "W3C Editor's Draft 04 November 2003" Last-Modified: Wed, 05 Nov 2003 02:27:20 GMT  </s>
<s> "10 October 2003" Last-Modified: Wed, 08 Oct 2003 15:40:06 GMT Hmm... test cases is horribly difficult to cite completely, since the contents are sorta strewn around.  </s>
<s> Oh well...  </s>
<s> "10 October 2003" Content-Length: 95337 Last-Modified: Tue, 07 Oct 2003 14:20:00 GMT  </s>
<s> where "today's docs" refers to those above.  </s>
<s> Dan Connolly, W3C http://www.w3.org/People/Connolly/  </s>
<s> There's a dated (ie, date in the name) .zip  </s>
<s> file of the individual test files which goes with this.  </s>
<s> Those aren't changed; when we publish a new draft we make a new one of those .zip  </s>
<s> files.  </s>
<s> jan grant, ILRT, University of Bristol.  </s>
<s> http://www.ilrt.bris.ac.uk/ Goedel would be proud - I'm both inconsistent _and_ incomplete.  </s>
<s> Hmm... seems that version was checked in just after the meeting; the meeting discussed 1.49 date: 2003/10/07 19:19:21; author: dbeckett2  </s>
<s> Dave and/or Brian, pls confirm.  </s>
<s> Dan Connolly, W3C http://www.w3.org/People/Connolly/  </s>
<s> It was changed 7 Nov 15:58 during the telcon to quickly fold in the fix to PFPS's comment, which has now been accepted.  </s>
<s> Dave  </s>
