<s> Please can people let me (everyone) know if they are going to this and what the agenda will be.  </s>
<s> I am very worried that I have already spent a lot of money on half the ticket and don't want to spend even more on the other half if it is not going to be well attended, esp.  </s>
<s> as Jutta and I are supposed to be in Sydney with a very good collection of authoring tools folk at that time for IMS Accessibility.  </s>
<s> The Sydney IMS meeting should achieve a lot so it might be better to contribute to that (and far less expensive from here!) Liddy  </s>
<s> Hi folks, I am not certain of attending that meeting yet - although I plan to be there, my new priorities mean that it is possible I will be trying to work with other groups at that time.  </s>
<s> (This is not clear yet).  </s>
<s> cheers Charles  </s>
<s> Please can people let me (everyone) know if they are going to this and what the agenda will be.  </s>
<s> I am very worried that I have already spent a lot of money on half the ticket and don't want to spend even more on the other half if it is not going to be well attended, esp.  </s>
<s> as Jutta and I are supposed to be in Sydney with a very good collection of authoring tools folk at that time for IMS Accessibility.  </s>
<s> The Sydney IMS meeting should achieve a lot so it might be better to contribute to that (and far less expensive from here!) Liddy  </s>
<s> Location: 21 Mitchell street FOOTSCRAY Vic 3011, Australia (or W3C INRIA, Route des Lucioles, BP 93, 06902 Sophia Antipolis Cedex, France)  </s>
<s> I will be there.........however...........am involved with a few other working groups, so this ATAG meeting is not vital to me..........and, I have planned this trip as a vacation for some much needed quality-time with my daughters...........so the more free-time I have, the better..... :-) Katie Haritos-Shea #571-220-7777 Behalf Of Liddy Nevile  </s>
<s> Please can people let me (everyone) know if they are going to this and what the agenda will be.  </s>
<s> I am very worried that I have already spent a lot of money on half the ticket and don't want to spend even more on the other half if it is not going to be well attended, esp.  </s>
<s> as Jutta and I are supposed to be in Sydney with a very good collection of authoring tools folk at that time for IMS Accessibility.  </s>
<s> The Sydney IMS meeting should achieve a lot so it might be better to contribute to that (and far less expensive from here!) Liddy  </s>
<s> Hi Liddy, I will be attending the meeting in France.  </s>
<s> - Jan  </s>
<s> Jan Richards jan.richards@utoronto.ca  </s>
<s> www.geocities.com/janrichards/  </s>
<s> I've been thinking about these meetings.  </s>
<s> As members of the IMS Accessibility WG, we work with other members who are major authoring tools developers.  </s>
<s> These tools are those that will be used in education but, of course, this is not the only place they will be used.  </s>
<s> On the other hand, companies like Microsoft, IBM, etc are not members of IMS, even though those products will be used extensively in education.  </s>
<s> The IMS member companies are active; we have close relationships and the developers are working hard, and effectively, I might say, on their products.  </s>
<s> The W3C Authoring Tools (AU) WG has companies working hard too, particularly focused on making sure the 'standards' will work.  </s>
<s> So there are two separate groups involved in similar efforts with very little interaction.  </s>
<s> As a member of the IMS Accessibility WG Sub-Committee for harmonisation, within IMS and beyond, and as a member of the WAI AU WG, I am working on this problem.  </s>
<s> I find it a bit hard to understand why we are not all working together.  </s>
<s> Surely IBM and Microsoft have the same or similar difficulties as WebCT and BlackBoard?  </s>
<s> The communities that benefit from the work get involved in education and the rest of life.  </s>
<s> The AU Guidelines (standards) set check points for authoring tools.  </s>
<s> Rather than working from the Content Guidelines towards better products, the IMS companies might want to use the AU checkpoints?  </s>
<s> (In fact, I believe they do have their products tested against the check-points but privately, not by working with the W3C AU WG.) Without having the IMS companies participating in the testing of the AU Check-points, the AU WG may be missing out on good info about the utility of the check-points, as the companies in question are knowledgeable and have a lot to offer.  </s>
<s> As the IMS group, we are not trying to do the W3C WAI work, in as much as we don't try to set standards but rather point to the well-defined existing standards.  </s>
<s> In reality, we have worked toward providing our community, the education world, with 'guidelines' full of explanations, techniques and reference points for making the web content more accessible.  </s>
<s> There is no compulsion in here - the draft White Paper, available on the web at http://www.imsproject.org/ is designed to be a helpful document oriented towards the educational world.  </s>
<s> In fact there is very little that will not be of general interest.  </s>
<s> (Behind the scenes, the IMS WG members who contribute to this work are working hard to ensure that their products follow the guidelines.)  </s>
<s> The approach being taken by the IMS WG is designed to fill the gaps between the standards and the users, to make the standards more effective.  </s>
<s> It seems that this is exactly what recent efforts by the AU WG have been doing too - Wombat does this much better than the first set.  </s>
<s> It is too late to have a combined meeting in February but surely it would be good to work hard, together, towards a shared F2F meeting very soon?  </s>
<s> Liddy  </s>
<s> It is too late to have a combined meeting in February but surely it would be good to work hard, together, towards a shared F2F meeting very soon?  </s>
<s> Liddy  </s>
<s> Not a bad idea.............what about WWW 2002 in Hawaii, once again?  </s>
<s> Katie Haritos-Shea #571-220-7777  </s>
<s> Yes - I have a day long workshop scheduled (on the workshop/tutorial day) and am hoping that the morning will be tools etc and the afternoon metadata .... so ideas are welcome and let's make it a special event!  </s>
<s> Liddy  </s>
