<s> * Eric Miller em@w3.org  </s>
<s> [2003-09-02 09:08-0400]  </s>
<s> Danbri, how are you doing on your action item on the boilerplate SOTD?  </s>
<s> I'd appreciate a sanity check from WG and at least one of Brian or Eric before folk start copying and pasting.  </s>
<s> Of course each spec needs it's own info re per-doc changes too, see the @@section for where to put that.  </s>
<s> The guts of the SOTD is:  </s>
<s> This Working Draft consolidates changes and editorial improvements undertaken in response to feedback received during the Last Call publication of the RDFCore specifications which began on 23 January 2003.  </s>
<s> ...brief, factual and not really getting into business of where we expect to go next.  </s>
<s> Dan  </s>
<s> looks ok to me.  </s>
<s> I suggest that we particularly want to highlight i18n's xml lang/xml literal issue and request feedback, say in both concepts and in syntax, and in the announcement.  </s>
<s> Does it make sense for such highlighting to go in the status section?  </s>
<s> Brian  </s>
<s> Danbri, how are you doing on your action item on the boilerplate SOTD?  </s>
<s> * Brian McBride bwm@hplb.hpl.hp.com [2003-09-02 15:59+0100]  </s>
<s> Yes, at least in the documents.  </s>
<s> I didn't attempt this in the boilerplate I drafted since it is intended to be mixed-in with per document text.  </s>
<s> I think so.  </s>
<s> Dan  </s>
<s> Good! #g Graham Klyne GK@NineByNine.org  </s>
<s> This boilerplate was carried over from LC2 stod and as Danbri mentioned and was intended to be generic across documents.  </s>
<s> The thought was that editors would include high level big general issues highlighted with a link to the more detailed changes section.  </s>
<s> @@ highlighted changes the editors might want to summarize per document here @@.  </s>
<s> Detailed changes from the previous 23 January 2003 working draft are described in the Changes section.  </s>
<s> I certainly was thinking the i18n's xml lang/xml literal issue and removal of social meaning section at the time I drafted the above.  </s>
<s> At a high level, I agreed.  </s>
<s> eric miller http://www.w3.org/people/em/ semantic web activity lead http://www.w3.org/2001/sw/ w3c world wide web consortium http://www.w3.org/  </s>
<s> agreed.  </s>
<s> eric miller http://www.w3.org/people/em/ semantic web activity lead http://www.w3.org/2001/sw/ w3c world wide web consortium http://www.w3.org/  </s>
<s> Dan, all--  </s>
<s> The pubrules checker complains if the SOTD doesn't including the following boilerplate (apparently literally this text, based on my experience with the new Primer): "Publication as a Working Draft does not imply endorsement by the W3C Membership.  </s>
<s> This is a draft document and may be updated, replaced or obsoleted by other documents at any time.  </s>
<s> It is inappropriate to cite this document as other than work in progress.  </s>
<s> " --Frank  </s>
<s> Danbri, how are you doing on your action item on the boilerplate SOTD?  </s>
<s> Frank Manola The MITRE Corporation 202 Burlington Road, MS A345 Bedford, MA 01730-1420  </s>
<s> I18N issue draft SOTD for concepts: A notable change since the Last Call publication is the simplification of typed literals to exclude language tags.  </s>
<s> The Working Group particularly seeks feedback on the impact of this change on the datatype rdf:XMLLiteral.  </s>
<s> I would suggest that the syntax SOTD should highlight that For a property element with rdf:parseType="Literal" an xml:lang attribute on it or one of its ancestors is ignored.  </s>
<s> Jeremy  </s>
