<s> Attendance Chair: Jon Gunderson Scribe: Ian Jacobs Present: David Poehlman Kitch Barnicle Gregory J. Rosmaita Dick Brown Mickey Quezner Madeleine Rothberg Judy Brewer Regrets:  </s>
<s> Action Items Completed Action Items 1.IJ: In glossary, add WHO definition of impairment, disability, and add functional limitation Status: Cancelled due to CG decision and UA telecon discussion 2.IJ: Add access to the "class" attribute of an element to techniques document Status: Done 3.JG: Contact Madelaine Rothberg, Marjia, Eric Hanson, Ian send proposal related to multi-media terminology to AU and GL with history and proposal to reconcile any current or potential differences between documents.  </s>
<s> Status: Done 4.JG: I will request the bridge for 5 and 12 January at 12:00 EST for extra conference calls to clear the issues list by early January Status: Done, see announcements 5.DA: Propose rational to explain why deceleration of multi-media is important for users with impairments.  </s>
<s> 6.DB: Review techniques for Guideline 5 7.DP: Send to the list techniques for how to use and control focus to not have new windows cause problems for usability.  </s>
<s> In particular, how this will work with ATs. 8.EH: Refine proposal on the meaning of "synchornized alternatives" to the list.  </s>
<s> 9.Status: Done (refer to WCAG/UAGL thread) 10.GR: Take WHO definitions of disability, impairment and functional to the ATAG and GL WGs for consideration in their definitions Status: Dropped 11.KB: Update impact matrix based on 5 November draft.  </s>
<s> Status: Handed to IJ. Action IJ to carry this forward.  </s>
<s> 12.MK: Write some comments on synchronization in multi-media to the list  </s>
<s> Continued Action Items 1.IJ: Review techniques for topic 3.2  </s>
<s> 2.IJ: Add clarifying Note to rationale that UAs can turn off control of  </s>
<s> content even if it passes content off for rendering.  </s>
<s> 3.IJ: Send proposal to list related to checkpoint for incremental positioning control in multi-media  </s>
<s> 4.IJ: Draft a statement for time of publication, there is no authoritative body that validates claims of conformance  </s>
<s> 5.IJ: Refer to ATAG definition of "applicability" and propose to list.  </s>
<s> 6.IJ: Repropose simpler Checkpoint for 1.1  </s>
<s> 7.IJ: Repropose the delivery mechanism of conformance statement to allow  </s>
<s> documentation as an option  </s>
<s> 8.IJ: Propose new checkpoint by merging 7.3 and 7.7 to the list  </s>
<s> 9.IJ: Propose a technique for using XSL to transform content  </s>
<s> 10.IJ: Write Bryan Campbell/H?kon Lie for clarification and David Clark,  </s>
<s> Mark Novak (cc the list).  </s>
<s> 11.JG: Review techniques for Guideline 8.3 to 8.9 12.DB: Ask IE Team about publication of review of IE 5 and Pri 1 checkpoints.  </s>
<s> 13.DB: Find out how developers find out which appropriate triggers to use in Windows for using built-in accessibility features (i.e. sound sentry, show sounds, ...)  </s>
<s> 14.DP: Propose new Checkpoint 1.5 for access to system messages 15.GR: Send to the list techniques for how to use and control focus to not have new windows cause problems for usability.  </s>
<s> In particular, how this will work with ATs. 16.GR: Write a technique on how to create accessible installation 17.MR: Review techniques for topic 3.1 (Multi-media) 18.MR: Review techniques for Guideline 4 (Multi-media) 19.MQ: Ask Mark about meaning of comment raised in Issue #167 20.WC: Take form submission to GL WG to discuss issues related to inadvertent submission.  </s>
<s> New Action Items 1.IJ: Update impact matrix based on 20 November draft (from KB)  </s>
<s> 2.IJ: Include language in "applicability" about portions of checkpoints  </s>
<s> related to resolution of Issue LC#138  </s>
<s> 3.IJ: Follow up on EH's e-mail with some comments from this meeting related to issue LC#138 (will post as new issues if any)  </s>
<s> 4.IJ: Verify that "synchronized alternative" not used elsewhere in techniques.  </s>
<s> 5.JG: Draft a preliminary implementation report for CR consideration 6.MR: Run a multimedia player through the guidelines for January.  </s>
<s> 7.GR: Run LPPlayer through the guidelines.  </s>
<s> Verify with Productivity Works.  </s>
<s> Minutes Agenda [1] [1] http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/w3c-wai-ua/1999OctDec/0723.html  </s>
<s> Review Open Action Items 1.IJ: Review techniques for topic 3.2 Status: Pending.  </s>
<s> 2.IJ: Add clarifying Note to rationale that UAs can turn off control of content even if it passes content off for rendering.  </s>
<s> Status: Pending.  </s>
<s> 3.IJ: Send proposal to list related to checkpoint for incremental bpositioning control in multi-media Status: Pending.  </s>
<s> 4.IJ: Draft a statement for time of publication, there is no authoritative body that validates claims of conformance Status: Pending.  </s>
<s> 5.IJ: Refer to ATAG definition of "applicability" and propose to list.  </s>
<s> Status: Pending.  </s>
<s> 6.IJ: In glossary, add WHO definition of impairment, disability, and add functional limitation Status: Cancelled due to CG decision.  </s>
<s> 7.IJ: Repropose simpler Checkpoint for 1.1 Status: Pending.  </s>
<s> 8.IJ: Repropose the delivery mechanism of conformance statement to allow documentation as an option Status: Pending.  </s>
<s> 9.IJ: Add access to the "class" attribute of an element to techniques document Status: Done.  </s>
<s> 10.IJ: Propose new checkpoint by merging 7.3 and 7.7 to the list Status: Pending 11.IJ: Propose a technique for using XSL to transform content Status: Pending.  </s>
<s> 12.IJ: Write Bryan Campbell/H?kon Lie for clarification and David Clark, Mark Novak (cc the list).  </s>
<s> Status: Pending.  </s>
<s> 13.JG: Review techniques for Guideline 8.3 to 8.9 Status: Pending.  </s>
<s> 14.JG: Contact Madelaine Rothberg, Marja, Eric Hanson, Ian send proposal related to multi-media terminology to AU and GL with history and proposal to reconcile any current or potential differences between documents.  </s>
<s> Status: Done.  </s>
<s> 15.JG: I will request the bridge for 5 and 12 January at 12:00 EST for extra conference calls to clear the issues list by early January Status: Done, confirmed for 5 and 12 Jan. 16.DA:  </s>
<s> Propose rational to explain why deceleration of multi-media is important for users with impairments.  </s>
<s> Status: Done.  </s>
<s> 17.DB: Review techniques for Guideline 5 Status: Done 18.DB: Ask IE Team about publication of review of IE 5 and Pri 1 checkpoints.  </s>
<s> Status: No news.  </s>
<s> DB will review himself.  </s>
<s> 19.DB: Find out how developers find out which appropriate triggers to use in Windows for using built-in accessibility features (i.e. sound sentry, show sounds, ...) Status: Not done.  </s>
<s> 20.DP: Propose new Checkpoint 1.5 for access to system messages Status: Not done.  </s>
<s> 21.DP: Send to the list techniques for how to use and control focus to not have new windows cause problems for usability.  </s>
<s> In particular, how this will work with ATs.  </s>
<s> JG will send DP's comments to the list.  </s>
<s> Status: done 22.EH: Refine proposal on the meaning of "synchornized alternatives" to the list.  </s>
<s> Status: Done (refer to WCAG/UAGL thread) 23.GR: Take WHO definitions of disability, impairment and functional to the ATAG and GL WGs for consideration in their definitions Status: Dropped.  </s>
<s> 24.GR: Send to the list techniques for how to use and control focus to not have new windows cause problems for usability.  </s>
<s> In particular, how this will work with ATs.  </s>
<s> Status: Pending.  </s>
<s> 25.GR: Write a technique on how to create accessible installation Status: Pending.  </s>
<s> 26.KB: Update impact matrix based on 5 November draft.  </s>
<s> Pending Status: KB: Handed to IJ. Action IJ to carry this forward.  </s>
<s> 27.MR: Review techniques for topic 3.1 (Multi-media) Status: Pending.  </s>
<s> 28.MR: Review techniques for Guideline 4 (Multi-media) Status: Pending.  </s>
<s> 29.MK: Write some comments on synchronization in multi-media to the list Status: Done.  </s>
<s> 30.MQ: Ask Mark about meaning of comment raised in Issue #167 Status: Pending MQ: Mark is in Europe... 31.WC: Take form submission to GL WG to discuss issues related to inadvertent submission.  </s>
<s> Status: No news.  </s>
<s> Announcements 1.Web Content is rechartering 2.New telecon weekly day and time for working group start on 6 January 2000 Thursdays, 2-3:30pm (EST, USA), on Longfellow Bridge (+1-617-252-1038) 3.Additional telecons to clear last call issues: Wednesday, 5 January 2000, 12:00-1:30 EST USA, Longfellow Bridge (+1-617-252-1038) Wednesday, 12 January 2000, 12:00-1:30 EST USA, Longfellow Bridge (+1-617-252-1038) Discussion LC#138: "Synchronized equivalent" v. "Continuous Equivalent"/ Proposed split of 2.5 IJ: How does "applicability" apply to parts of a checkpoint?  </s>
<s> Should we split the checkpoint into smaller pieces (which Eric's proposal suggests)?  </s>
<s> Propose "the requirement" doesn't apply instead of "checkpoint"?  </s>
<s> MR: Or "portion of the checkpoint".  </s>
<s> MR: New pieces from Eric: a) Synthesizing auditory descriptions from text.  </s>
<s> b) Collated text transcript (excellent idea!).  </s>
<s> You can mix captions and text equivalents of auditory descriptions in a single file and include time codes.  </s>
<s> But this hasn't been specified yet in a W3C Recommendation.  </s>
<s> How do we deal with technologies that don't exist yet?  </s>
<s> JG: Need to move to PF for technologies that don't exist yet.  </s>
<s> MR: I thought the issues that needed to be discussed were: a) How to rewrite UA checkpoint to make WCAG and UAGL fit.  </s>
<s> MR: "captions" and "auditory descriptions" are all we have today.  </s>
<s> May want to generalize.  </s>
<s> JG: Or, update the Guidelines when the technology exists.  </s>
<s> Resolved: - Applicability clause covers us for combined checkpoints.  </s>
<s> Action Ian: Include language in "applicability" about portions of checkpoints.  </s>
<s> - Leave 2.6 as is as of 20 December draft since these are known technologies.  </s>
<s> May add note to techniques about future technologies.  </s>
<s> - Consider EH's proposals as techniques (desirable combinations).  </s>
<s> Action IJ: Follow up on EH's email with some comments from this meeting.  </s>
<s> Candidate recommendation Refer to W3C Process Document description of Candidate Recommendation JG: a) Show existing implementations of requirements b) For that which is not done yet (e.g., DOM for communication of content), need to demonstrate feasibility and value over current techniques.  </s>
<s> AND/OR c) Get commitments from AT developers that they will adopt these solutions.  </s>
<s> JB: I recommend that the WG try to accomplish these goals in 3-4 weeks.  </s>
<s> Keep up momentum.  </s>
<s> Try to move to Recommendation as early as possible.  </s>
<s> KB: I think CR is a good idea.  </s>
<s> Extra work now, but more convincing to developers.  </s>
<s> DP: What does CR add to the spec in terms of deliverables?  </s>
<s> IJ: Definitely a deliverable.  </s>
<s> For example, collate existing reviews to show Director what is already implemented.  </s>
<s> All reports will strengthen our case with the Director.  </s>
<s> JB: a) Talked with Director who supported time frame I proposed.  </s>
<s> b) Refer to process document for specific requirements of what the Director expects at each request.  </s>
<s> MR: Sounds to me that we need to do an implementation report.  </s>
<s> If almost all are done, we can claim to be ready.  </s>
<s> JR: You may find some documented experience even for the DOM.  </s>
<s> MQ: PWWebSpeak doesn't rely on IE DOM.  </s>
<s> DP: But JFW might.  </s>
<s> I know Glen Gordon has spoken to that issue a number of times.  </s>
<s> Action JG: Draft a preliminary implementation report.  </s>
<s> A look at a potential schedule: 14 January to C.R. 11 February end C.R. 18 February start P.R. 17 March end P.R. ?? April Rec.  </s>
<s> DB: From conversations with the IE Team, I think there will be DOM support.  </s>
<s> But I don't know KB: What is the role of ATs in this implementation report if the GL are for general-purpose browsers.  </s>
<s> GR: Need to show: a) Browsers are implementing the DOM b) We were correct in judging that ATs could use the DOM.  </s>
<s> E.g., what would read-only imply for ATs? (completion of forms, e.g.) JB: Probably want to ensure that Opera, media player developers, etc. involved in discussions of DOM during CR. GR: I'm a beta-tester of Opera 4. We have been claiming that you satisfy a lot of requirements by implementing CSS1 and CSS2.  </s>
<s> It would be good to use CR period to verify this.  </s>
<s> GR: Also, use CR period to verify that other user agents besides desktop browsers can use the guidelines.  </s>
<s> DP: How does CR get formally announced.  </s>
<s> JB: This is new, but: a) Announce to W3C Advisory Committee b) Announce to WAI IG c) Announce by UAGL to targeted community d) Probably no press release.  </s>
<s> GR: (About HAL): I am under the impression that the HAL people want some kind of assurance that the solutions will work before they commit resources.  </s>
<s> Action IJ: Verify that "synchronized alternative" not used elsewhere in techniques.  </s>
<s> Action MR: Run a multimedia player through the guidelines for January.  </s>
<s> Action GR: Run LPPlayer through the guidelines.  </s>
<s> Verify with Productivity Works.  </s>
<s> LC#145: Why is 3.7 Pri 1 and 3.10 Pri 3? (Re: blinking and flashing) IJ: I think the current 3.9 is better wording for what 3.7 is saying.  </s>
<s> Turning off scripts is a technique for stopping content changes.  </s>
<s> GR: I don't like the idea of the merge.  </s>
<s> MR: Leave scripts as its own requirement since you don't know what ugly things they may do.  </s>
<s> KB: Rationale for 3.9: a) Timing issue for reading content.  </s>
<s> Resolved: 3.7 (scripts on/off) Priority 1 to account for ugly behavior that the user agent can't detect.  </s>
<s> Action IJ: Repropose 3.9 as a priority 1.  </s>
<s> Copyright ?  </s>
<s> 1999 W3C (MIT, INRIA, Keio ), All Rights Reserved.  </s>
<s> W3C liability, trademark, document use and software licensing rules apply.  </s>
<s> Your interactions with this site are in accordance with our public and Member privacy statements.  </s>
<s> Jon Gunderson, Ph.D., ATP Coordinator of Assistive Communication and Information Technology Chair, W3C WAI User Agent Working Group Division of Rehabilitation - Education Services College of Applied Life Studies University of Illinois at Urbana/Champaign 1207 S. Oak Street, Champaign, IL 61820 Voice: (217) 244-5870 E-mail: jongund@uiuc.edu  </s>
<s> WWW: http://www.staff.uiuc.edu/~jongund  </s>
<s> WWW: http://www.w3.org/wai/ua  </s>
<s> see 2 comments at MN below:  </s>
<s> MN: I sent some notes regarding ShowSounds and SoundSentry to the list last week explaining some of this, what more would people like to know?  </s>
<s> MN: Do the scripts/EXEs/DLLs we've been developing and are continuing to develop which, for example, get and expose information from the browser using DOM assist in this process ?  </s>
<s> (Mark's message of 16 December I guess the question had several parts to it (as I understood it): - How do users write sound schemes in Windows?  </s>
<s> - How do these interact with SoundSentry and ShowSounds? - Where can developers find information about making use of these features?  </s>
<s> [snip]  </s>
<s> Yes, very much so.  </s>
<s> Questions: - Did the DOM meet your needs?  </s>
<s> If not, what is missing?  </s>
<s> - Did you find adequate information at the W3C site (or elsewhere) to build the program?  </s>
<s> - Is there a demo online?  </s>
<s> - What's the URI for more information about the scripts/EXEs/DLLs?  </s>
<s> (Can we include the Techniques Document?) Thanks Mark! _ Ian  </s>
<s> Done. No comments for now.  </s>
<s> I intend to do a comprehensive review of the Techniques Document and will explore 3.2 in more depth at that time.  </s>
<s> control of  </s>
<s> Done. Refer to Guideline 3 rationale of 20 December 1999 UAGL.  </s>
<s> Done.  </s>
<s> My original proposal was sent 7 December.  </s>
<s> At the face to face, we decided to make incremental a technique (issue 135).  </s>
<s> In the 20 December 1999 UAGL, checkpoint 4.6 includes generic forward and reverse.  </s>
<s> Techniques included in 20 December Techniques document.  </s>
<s> Pending. Refer to action 7 below.  </s>
<s> list.  </s>
<s> Cancelled.  </s>
<s> Applicability not used in ATAG.  </s>
<s> Done.  </s>
<s> allow  </s>
<s> Pending. Sent to WAI Team; will make public shortly.  </s>
<s> Done. Refer to checkpoint 7.6 of 20 December 1999 UAGL.  </s>
<s> TODO.  </s>
<s> Clark,  </s>
<s> Done.  </s>
<s> I believe this refers to meaning of "single key" access.  </s>
<s> Here are Bryan's comments  </s>
<s> Done.  </s>
<s> checkpoints  </s>
<s> Done. Will appear in next draft.  </s>
<s> TODO.  </s>
<s> Done.  </s>
<s> It does not appear.  </s>
<s> - Ian  </s>
