<s> I'm compiling all the guideline notes and will forward a copy to this list as soon as I get it finished.  </s>
<s> I'll also include a NOTES section for each item which reflects other input I get or find so it is separate but available for us to look at.  </s>
<s> Great meeting Daniel.  </s>
<s> Oofda on the workscope though.  </s>
<s> (That's Norwegian)  </s>
<s> Gregg Gregg C. Vanderheiden Ph.D. Professor - Dept of Industrial Engineering Director - Trace R &amp; D Center s-151 Waisman Center University of Wisconsin- Madison 53705 for a list of our Listserves send "index" to listproc@trace.wisc.edu  </s>
<s> to follow up on what Gregg Vanderheiden said:  </s>
<s> The first sub-topic that one opens always links in 85% of the  </s>
<s> issues in the whole problem.  </s>
<s> To manage your workscope, consider Murray's advice: give us a catalog of items, where for each item we have identified: - What is a problem - Why it's a problem - An alternative approach that is not a problem [if known] - 1/2/3 grade rating from straw poll on 5 Aug 97. - other votes taken in the process such as "A non-null ALT should be required on all IMG elements."  </s>
<s> The last example is best implemented as an input to the HTML standardization process, not part of guidelines-after-the-fact.  </s>
<s> We are not really ready to freeze a set of HTML usage guidelines because we still have some possibility to change the language itself.  </s>
<s> And we need to develop more mutual understanding throughout the group of tradeoffs between solutions in markup vs. solutions in client programs.  </s>
<s> While some of us clearly have a good understanding of these, we are not all equally up on that training curve.  </s>
<s> To achieve universal design in the demands we make, we need to continue to invest in teaching and learning within the group.  </s>
<s> The disability experts teaching about the problem and the Web experts teaching about possible solutions.  </s>
<s> Al Gilman  </s>
<s> Dear meeting friends, I have been waiting to see what happend to this message.  </s>
<s> It looks as if these good remarks are not followed up at all.  </s>
<s> I would lile to stress though I like this approach  </s>
<s> We are not solving a temporary problem.  </s>
<s> The problem will not be SOLVED after the work of this working group has been finished.  </s>
<s> Of course it is good and necessary to try to reduce some of the problems we are facing.  </s>
<s> We must be aware though the world will develop repidly.  </s>
<s> Therefore part of our work must be invested in: - Setting up a strategy for the future developments.  </s>
<s> - Building a structure to really keep in touch with things happening.  </s>
<s> We must be well aware some of these activities may well occur outside the scope of W3C.  </s>
<s> Still we need access to information.  </s>
<s> The approach in this message shows a good start:  </s>
<s> I would like to propose some agenda items for the next meeting: - How can we implement the above strategy.  </s>
<s> - We decided on splitting up in specific working groups.  </s>
<s> Before the next meeting it should be clear: - Which group does what: terms of reference, report to, report format, report date etc. - Who will take part in which group - Relationship between the sub-groups.  </s>
<s> - Working schedule for the period to come.  </s>
<s> Best regards, Jaap Message from: Jaap van Lelieveld The Netherlands Chairman of EBU commission on Technical Devices and Services E-mail: Jaap.van.Lelieveld@inter.nl.net USING: YARN V0.92 as an offline reader, and UQWK / OLMENU under UNIX for mail and news transfer  </s>
