Attendance Chair: Jon Gunderson Scribe: Ian Jacobs RSVP Present: David Poehlman Charles McCathieNevile Gregory J. Rosmaita Hans Riesebos Mickey Quenzer Harvey Bingham Eric Hansen 
Mark Novak Marja-Riitta Koivunen Rich Schwerdtfeger Dick Brown Regrets: Kitch Barnicle Absent: Denis Anson Jim Allan 
Action Items Open Action Items 1.IJ: Add rationale to Checkpoint 1.5: if you're deaf blind you might need this (Braille display). 
2.CMN: Suggest some techniques related to the good bits of the DOM Level 2 event module (related to checkpoint on notification 5.4). 
New Action Items 
1.IJ: Put up meeting page for FTF meeting 10-11 April 2000 2.IJ: For checkpoint 4.16 add to definition of Configure that users should be able to save settings. 
3.IJ: Send proposal to clarify checkpoint 4.16 today 4.IJ: For checkpoint 5.1, add a reference to the XHTML Recommendation 5.IJ: For checkpoint 5.1, add a technique to take into DOMs defined by other specifications (e.g., SVG). 
6.IJ: For checkpoint 6.2, fix bug and explain what a W3C Rec is in the techniques document 7.IJ: For checkpoint 9.4, change "portion" to "proportion" 8.IJ: For checkpoint 10.4, add "in" a profile. 
9.IJ: Add something to document section about documentation with the product or available elsewhere. 
(in repsonse to GR concerns) Completed Action Items 1.IJ: Split checkpoint 5.1 (28 January Draft) into read and UI write as stated in minutes 2.IJ: Add a cross-reference from 2.1 to 5.1 and say in 5.1 that this is a special case of 2.1 3.IJ: Add techniques to checkpoint 7.2 for synchronous multi-media presentation (space and time) 4.IJ: Ensure that techniques for checkpoint 1.5 talk about using status bar to display message 5.IJ: Incorporate proposal for checkpoint 1.5 from minutes 6.IJ: Update the document based on todays resolutions on 9 March Telecon 7.DB: Ask IE Team about publication of review of IE 5 and Pri 1 checkpoints Discontinued 8.DP: Send NN profile info 9.JA: Rewrite techniques for 3.3 10. 
MR: Review techniques for topic 3.1 (Multi-media) Discontinued 11. 
MR: Review techniques for Guideline 4 (Multi-media) Discontinued Minutes Next meeting: 16 March Agenda [1] [1] http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/w3c-wai-ua/2000JanMar/0454.html 1) Review of Open Action Items IJ All done except maybe number 7. 1.IJ: Split checkpoint 5.1 (28 January Draft) into read and UI write as stated in minutes 2.IJ: Add a cross-reference from 2.1 to 5.1 and say in 5.1 that this is a special case of 2.1 3.IJ: Add techniques to checkpoint 7.2 for synchronous multi-media presentation (space and time) 4.IJ: Ensure that techniques for checkpoint 1.5 talk about using status bar to display message 5.IJ: Incorporate proposal for checkpoint 1.5 from minutes 6.IJ: Update the document based on todays resolutions on 9 March Telecon 7.IJ: Add rationale to Checkpoint 1.5: if you're deaf blind you might need this (Braille display). 
Status: Not done. 
8.CMN: Suggest some techniques related to the good bits of the DOM Level 2 event module (related to checkpoint on notification 5.4). 
9.DB: Ask IE Team about publication of review of IE 5 and Pri 1 checkpoints Status: Dropped. 
10.DP: Send NN profile info. 
Status: Done. 
11.JA: Rewrite techniques for 3.3 (see minutes) Status: Dropped. 
12.MR: Review techniques for topic 3.1 (Multi-media) Status: Dropped. 
13.MR: Review techniques for Guideline 4 (Multi-media) Status: Dropped. 
2) Re: ftf. 
IJ: If there are no objections to going to PR, we'll have a face-to-face in New Jersey 10/11 April. 
Action IJ: Put up meeting page for ftf. 
3) Ian summary of where we are in the PR process. 
4) Review of list of changes: EH: Comments on word "automatic" in 2.3. 
Is this necessary? 
JG: My main concern is that people understand that the UA pauses itself. 
EH: Ok. HB: What about breaking sync? 
CMN: There are cases when you can't do anything about it, e.g., real world events. 
HB: What about auction events? 
CMN: You can't slow down the real world. 
The requirement doesn't apply. 
GR: Auction houses notify through color changes &amp;ltfrown critical events. 
Checkpoint 2.6 a) Added collated text transcript b) Moved note to checkpoint, added "author-supplied" synch cues. 
MK: Sounds ok to me. 
MQ: What about adding the word "indexing"? 
HB: Indexing in the sense of marking time? 
MQ: Marking time. 
Checkpoint 4.7: MK, EH: Ok. 4.16: Allow the user to configure viewports, prompts, and windows opened on user agent initiation. 
IJ: We could harmonize wording with that of 9.2. 
Use "not explicitly done by the user." 
DP, CMN: Yes, GR: I think that the focus is to allow the user to configure whether or not the UA. "Allow the user to configure whether the user agent will automatically open a viewport, prompt, or window. 
EH: That's a new requirement. 
CMN: There are other configuration issues. 
GR: It's one thing to control the size/position of something once created and another to talk about suppressing the creation. 
IJ: As I recall, we agreed in Austin to put all of it in 4.16. 
CMN: I agree with Gregory - there are two separate requirements. 
GR: I propose to split the checkpoint: a) Allow the user to configure the visual rendering. 
b) Allow the user to configure alert mechanisms used on opening. 
c) Respect user settings when opening windows. 
IJ: Sounds like three: a) Suppress spawning AND/OR prevent focus shifting. 
b) Configure alert of spawning. 
c) Style the user interface. 
IJ: I don't think "respect user settings" get us much. 
Action IJ: Add to definition of Configure that users should be able to save settings. 
JG: How does all this relate to focus changes (4.15)? 
IJ: Why are spawned windows an issue if there's no focus change and you're notified? 
GR: Yes, 4.15 and 4.16 are related. 
RESOLVED: 1) MOve note after 4.16 to 4.16 techniques with some clarification. 
2) Link from 4.16 techniques to 4.15 techs. 
3) Reword 4.16. 
Action Ian: Send proposal to list to clarify. 
Checkpoint 5.1 Action IJ: Add a reference to the XHTML Recommendation. 
Action IJ: For 5.1, add a technique to take into DOMs defined by other specifications (e.g., SVG). 
------ Checkpoint 5.8: HR: Ok RS: Ok. Checkpoint 6.2: Bug: Ian forgot to add "available" Action IJ: - FIx bug - Explain what a W3C Rec is in the techniques document. 
Checkpoint 8.4: Group: Ok. Checkpoint 9.4: Action IJ: change "portion" to "proportion" Checkpoint 10.7: Action Ian: Add "in" a profile. 
Other comments CMN: Is minority objection propagated? 
IJ: Yes. 
GR: In the definition of documentation, it doesn't talk about updates. 
IJ: That's in 1.2. 
GR: Things that are supplemental, but provided by the vendor. 
Action IJ: Add something about with the product or available elsewhere. 
GO TO PR? IJ: Any objections to going to PR? Group: None. 
Copyright ? 
2000 W3C (MIT, INRIA, Keio ), All Rights Reserved. 
W3C liability, trademark, document use and software licensing rules apply. 
Your interactions with this site are in accordance with our public and Member privacy statements. 
Jon Gunderson, Ph.D., ATP Coordinator of Assistive Communication and Information Technology Chair, W3C WAI User Agent Working Group Division of Rehabilitation - Education Services College of Applied Life Studies University of Illinois at Urbana/Champaign 1207 S. Oak Street, Champaign, IL 61820 Voice: (217) 244-5870 E-mail: jongund@uiuc.edu 
WWW: http://www.staff.uiuc.edu/~jongund 
WWW: http://www.w3.org/wai/ua 
I assume that since the guidelines do not include the event module this item is not needed in any great hurry. 
Therefore I propose to drop it (since I am already short of time) for the near future unless I hear howls of protest with reasoned arguments to back them up. 
Cheers Charles McCN Attendance Chair: Jon Gunderson Scribe: Ian Jacobs [snip] Action Items Open Action Items 1.IJ: Add rationale to Checkpoint 1.5: if you're deaf blind you might need this (Braille display). 
2.CMN: Suggest some techniques related to the good bits of the DOM Level 2 event module (related to checkpoint on notification 5.4). 
[snip] 
Charles, I think it would be of great interest for inclusion in the next version of the techniques document to indicate one method for using the DOM to notify assistive technology of user agent and user initiated events in the document. 
If you do not have time right now, we could see if someone else would be willing to do this. 
Let me know, Jon 
Jon Gunderson, Ph.D., ATP Coordinator of Assistive Communication and Information Technology Chair, W3C WAI User Agent Working Group Division of Rehabilitation - Education Services College of Applied Life Studies University of Illinois at Urbana/Champaign 1207 S. Oak Street, Champaign, IL 61820 Voice: (217) 244-5870 E-mail: jongund@uiuc.edu 
WWW: http://www.staff.uiuc.edu/~jongund 
WWW: http://www.w3.org/wai/ua 
It would probably be more sensible for an AT programer who is familiar with a particular DOM implementaiton (IE, Mozilla, etc) to do it properly. 
And no, I don't think I have time currently Actualy I ahd understood something different about hte action, which was to do with the new event model proposed for DOM that allows for a more complex and flexible way of setting up active element behaviours. 
But I believe that is not being included in the current document. 
cheers Charles Charles, I think it would be of great interest for inclusion in the next version of the techniques document to indicate one method for using the DOM to notify assistive technology of user agent and user initiated events in the document. 
If you do not have time right now, we could see if someone else would be willing to do this. 
Let me know, Jon 
Jon Gunderson, Ph.D., ATP Coordinator of Assistive Communication and Information Technology Chair, W3C WAI User Agent Working Group Division of Rehabilitation - Education Services College of Applied Life Studies University of Illinois at Urbana/Champaign 1207 S. Oak Street, Champaign, IL 61820 Voice: (217) 244-5870 E-mail: jongund@uiuc.edu 
WWW: http://www.staff.uiuc.edu/~jongund 
WWW: http://www.w3.org/wai/ua W3C Web Accessibility Initiative http://www.w3.org/WAI Location: I-cubed, 110 Victoria Street, Carlton VIC 3053 Postal: GPO Box 2476V, Melbourne 3001, Australia 
