<s> This is just reminder that we agreed: "next meeting: Thu 16 Dec 9.30EST" -- http://www.w3.org/1999/12/09-metadata-irc  </s>
<s> Regarding "ACTION: Dan supply a proposal to review before 16 Dec" I'm editing at http://www.w3.org/1999/11/SW/ but I've just started; here's hoping I have something worth your time in a few hours... Dan Connolly  </s>
<s> Someobdy asked about the phone number... W3C: +1-617-252-7000 (Tobin) also: we'll probably use IRC... at least I will... let's use the same channel as last time: #metadata on irc.w3.org:6665 i.e. irc://irc.w3.org:6665/metadata (IRC details are available at http://www.w3.org/Project/IRC/ in case you have trouble with member-only stuff... see windows client: http://www.mirc.co.uk/ unix client: http://catless.ncl.ac.uk/Programs/Zircon/ mac client: http://www.ex.ac.uk/~jastaple/irc/irchelp.html IRC FAQ http://www.irchelp.org/irchelp/altircfaq.html )  </s>
<s> Dan Connolly  </s>
<s> My regrets too.  </s>
<s> I had problems with airplanes.  </s>
<s> Marja  </s>
<s> So... did the meeting happen?  </s>
<s> Minutes/actions/agendas etc, or reactions to the draft at /1999/11/SW/ ?  </s>
<s> --danbri  </s>
<s> yes... see Dan Connolly  </s>
