<s> When: 15 August 17:30Z (1:30pm EDT, 10:30am PDT) for one hour.  </s>
<s> Where: Longfellow bridge: +1 617 252 1038 and  </s>
<s> IRC [3]: irc.w3.org, port 6665, channel #spec-prod  </s>
<s> Invited: Anyone interested in discussing tools to help people produce W3C technical reports.  </s>
<s> Hello,  </s>
<s> As follow up to the proposal [1] that Philippe and I sent about publication tools for XMLSpec [2], I have reserved the Longfellow bridge for a one-hour meeting.  </s>
<s> Please reply on spec-prod@w3.org if you intend to attend the meeting.  </s>
<s> Goals of the meeting: 1) Introductions smile .  </s>
<s> There are a number of Working Groups using XMLSpec or some flavor of it for their specifications.  </s>
<s> 2) Identify existing tools and tool needs.  </s>
<s> [Note: I don't want to talk about issues management tools at this meeting.] 3) Identify priority deliverables (e.g., any changes to XMLSpec, XSLT transformation from XMLSpec to a W3C TR document).  </s>
<s> 4) Get people to work on these deliverables.  </s>
<s> Some questions: 1) What tools do people already use with this DTD?  </s>
<s> What transformations can Philippe's Java tools perform?  </s>
<s> 2) Are there requirements on XMLSpec in order to meet  </s>
<s> the needs of other Working Groups?  </s>
<s> 3) Who would like to help design an XSLT style sheet to transform a XMLspec doc to a W3C technical report?  </s>
<s> To convert an xhtml document to an XMLSpec document?  </s>
<s> 4) Do people know about W3C "comma tools" (If not, put a single comma after any URI at w3.org to get help)?  </s>
<s> These tools allow you to html validate, css validate, link check, and perform other tests on documents residing at w3.org.  </s>
<s> Other agenda items are welcome.  </s>
<s> I realize that 12 days notice for this meeting is not much, and I apologize to those who would like to attend but cannot.  </s>
<s> Please indicate whether you would be interested in attending another call for which there would be more advance notice.  </s>
<s> Thank you, - Ian [1] http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/spec-prod/2000JulSep/0006.html [2] http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/06/xmlspec-report [3] http://www.w3.org/Project/IRC/ Ian Jacobs (jacobs@w3.org) http://www.w3.org/People/Jacobs Cell: +1 917 450-8783  </s>
<s> I will attend  </s>
<s> I have some experience in transforming XMLspec, and hopefully will be able to spare some cycles to this effort.  </s>
<s> Eduardo Gutentag | e-mail: eduardo@eng.Sun.COM  </s>
<s> / Ian Jacobs ij@w3.org was heard to say:  </s>
<s> I plan to attend.  </s>
<s> Be seeing you, norm Norman Walsh ndw@nwalsh.com | Clearness is so eminently one of the  </s>
<s> even passes for truth itself.--Joubert  </s>
<s> Ian-- As we agreed, I've invited Marshall Rose (IESG) and Karl Best (OASIS) to this meeting to help us determine if there is sufficient overlap in the publication processes of all these organizations to suggest that we develop something in common.  </s>
<s> Perhaps we can spend a little time near the beginning of the meeting discussing this; if the fit isn't good, then Marshall and Karl don't have to stay for the rest of the discussion.  </s>
<s> Eve  </s>
<s> Eve Maler +1 781 442 3190 Sun Microsystems XML Technology Center elm @ east.sun.com  </s>
