<s> -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE----- Hash: SHA1 A few misc.  </s>
<s> "headsup" warnings... 1.  </s>
<s> The current release-to-be will likely get its version number bumped.  </s>
<s> In addition to the stuff detailed below, the presence of the doctype fallbacks and the rest of those changes warrant doing a major revision (or, rather, are inappropriate for a minor revision).  </s>
<s> Since 0.7 is taken  </s>
<s> -- and I can't easily change that for various bonehead technical reasons -- that leaves the next version as "0.6.5" (despite my hating ".5" releases as "sneak" major releases).  </s>
<s> 2. I am winding up towards checking in several moderately disruptive/significant changes.  </s>
<s> They are unlikely to break anything in any major way, but they have plenty potential for smaller breakage.  </s>
<s> IOW, if you want a stable base to work from, now is the time to get a CVS snapshot (I may create a CVS tag prior to checkins to make this easier).  </s>
<s> Details on the upcoming stuff... a. New "fussy/strict" parse mode adapted from Nick Kew's Page Valet code.  </s>
<s> This will require documents to be "fully-tagged" and otherwise warn about stuff like dubious SHORTTAGS features in HTML.  </s>
<s> b. New error explanations code (just the code, not (necessarily) the explanations themselves) that should allow inline explanations and much more robust detection of specific error messages.  </s>
<s> c.  </s>
<s> The base framework for a minimal WS API.  </s>
<s> This will be just the framework and be disabled by default.  </s>
<s> It goes in mainly to facilitate further experimentation (keep the diff sizes down in the branched code) and will eventually come with a configuration switch to toggle it on or off.  </s>
<s> d. CSS and HTML tweaks; nothing revolutionary but it may break in some browsers so a headsup is warranted.  </s>
<s> All depending on how well it appears to work (or, how badly it breaks ;D) etc. etc. of course; and no specific time-table implied.  </s>
<s> In particular, as regards the time-table, I'm playing this pretty loose.  </s>
<s> If I get an attack of inspiration I may make a new beta release tomorrow or, just as likely, get side-tracked and let it slip for a couple months more.  </s>
<s> If anyone wants any particular timing for anything you need to let me know about it!  </s>
<s> Especially Ville and Frederic; if you want to make sure you have something suitable for release coinciding with a Debian/RedHat milestone (or whatever), y'all need to let me know about it or I'll just keep winding my way as whim takes me on this front.  </s>
<s> (I bring this up since the last beta took you guys by surprise)  </s>
<s> As a cat owner, I know this for a fact... Nothing says "I love you" like a decapitated gopher on your front porch.  </s>
<s> -----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE----- Version: PGP SDK 3.0.2  </s>
<s> iQA/AwUBPxHtE6PyPrIkdfXsEQJMkQCdFKR/uLFtdKVyF0bpLiWj9xqG8sUAniPp HuO97JIXnyklWTev4t8BLJtw =bQvg -----END PGP SIGNATURE-----  </s>
<s> What branch do you plan to work in?  </s>
<s> Methinks it's about time to get HEAD rolling again after The Next Release is out, and use the 0_6_0-branch only for critical bugfixes...  </s>
<s> Thanks.  </s>
<s> By the way, is Frederic subscribed to public-qa-dev?  </s>
<s> Some status on the RPMs: I've updated the specfile in 0_6_0-branch so  </s>
<s> that apart from the version numbers, it should be ready to roll.  </s>
<s> Specifically, the Version:, Release: (reset to 1w3c if the next version is  0.6.2), Source0: and Source1: tags should be updated to match the  </s>
<s> version number.  </s>
<s> And a %changelog entry would be nice :) Feel free to  </s>
<s> update it when you feel it's time for a new release if I'm unresponsive.  </s>
<s> OpenSP 1.5 continues to be a slight PITA on Red Hat.  </s>
<s> I won't go into details; just a note that their Rawhide (WIP area) contains openjade-1.3.2 which includes OpenSP 1.5.  </s>
<s> OpenSP 1.5 is not available for RH 9 (current release) and earlier versions from RH.  </s>
<s> In general, I think that RH release dates should not affect validator's release dates at all.  </s>
<s> I would like to get the local/private IP "disclosure" [1] dealt with fixed in both validator and checklink in the next release.  </s>
<s> This will need 1 config variable for each, and will most likely introduce a dependency on Net::IP [2].  </s>
<s> [1] http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/www-validator/2003Jul/0102.html [2] http://search.cpan.org/dist/Net-IP/  </s>
<s> -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE----- Hash: SHA1  </s>
<s> Well, as mentioned, for various bonehead reasons I can't do this cleanly.  </s>
<s> HEAD is borken and will take ages to get into releaseable state.  </s>
<s> IOW, anything released soon(ish) will have to come off the validator-0_6_0-branch.  </s>
<s> But since we've allready added stuff that is inappropriate for a minor revision (doctype fallbacks etc.), we do need to bump the version number a bit more.  </s>
<s> How about this...  </s>
<s> We leave 0.6.1 as the last 0.6.x release for now, and then branch off to validator-0_7-branch from the validator-0_6_0-branch (instead of branching from HEAD) and make a 0.7.0 release from there.  </s>
<s> validator-0_7-branch then becomes the stable/critical-bugfix-only branch (with  </s>
<s> checkin dicipline in effect[0]) and immediately transition to adding new stuff on HEAD.  </s>
<s> If HEAD is too borken to easily add a given random minor feature/change, then that is just a great incentive to _un_break HEAD.  </s>
<s> If nobody hollers I'll proceede after that plan (probably beginning tonight).  </s>
<s> Oh, and "checkin dicipline"; how about summat like: 1.  </s>
<s> Any checkin needs to reference a Bugzilla Bug #. 2. Any checkin needs to be applied also to HEAD.  </s>
<s> (excepting trivial/typo-style stuff onbviously)  </s>
<s> Mainly just to remind folks[0] to put stuff where it belongs (i.e.  </s>
<s> I don't really want to end up with a real Mozilla.org-style burocracy with Drivers, Review, and Super-Review etc.).  </s>
<s> He was, but he may have unsubscribed, been bounced, or not currently have time to follow the list.  </s>
<s> This message CCed in the hopes of getting current status.  </s>
<s> Frederic...?  </s>
<s> I assume this is changelog for the _RPM_ and not in general?  </s>
<s> I've asked them to split the packages but twaugh seems disinclined to do so for whatever reason (it took the -R security issue to get them to upgrade it at all).  </s>
<s> I think we need to get upstream to forcibly split the packages before  </s>
<s> Red Hat will follow suit.  </s>
<s> Note that a new OpenSP release (1.5.1) appears to be in the offing, so that may happen eventually).  </s>
<s> Well, we're not jumping through hoops for them, but if we can teak scheduling slightly in order to take advantage of new release attention I think that would be advantageous.  </s>
<s> e.g. to announce Red Hat 9.1 packages immediately after they start sending press releases ought to get us a little bit of free attention.  </s>
<s> [0] - To keep _me_ from getting lazy/careless; everyone else has been exemplary in this regard.  </s>
<s> :-) I'm [less] than thrilled by the [VM situation]; all sides of it.  </s>
<s> I [think] we need a [fork] in that area so that you guys would stop stepping on each others' toes.  </s>
<s> I'm taking no part in your merry 5-way clusterfuck -- sort that mess out between yourselves.  </s>
<s> -- Alexander Viro on lkml -----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE----- Version: PGP SDK 3.0.2  </s>
<s> iQA/AwUBPxq2KKPyPrIkdfXsEQK1+ACg2sTL+iUBF8twNTrpIqqvWaN5nBoAoJzy UYpgyJk9MfjUUjPe2T3yJf/J =3mHr -----END PGP SIGNATURE-----  </s>
<s> No objections here.  </s>
<s> Yes.  </s>
<s> Those are probably the very same issues that I've found, it'll be  </s>
<s> necessary to rebuild a biggish bunch of other, dependent packages too if one wants to cleanly repackage SP and Jade separately :/ And even if that can be done, it may get hairy to support smooth upgrades from  </s>
<s> previous versions.  </s>
<s> Yep. Because of the SP/Jade issues above, I think it would make sense to make the RPM 9.1 (or whatever it'll be called) only when it's out, instead of providing a package that isn't really out of the box workable anywhere.  </s>
<s> -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE----- Hash: SHA1  </s>
<s> BTW, this also means I will have to renumber/retarget Bugzilla bugs currently targetted at 0.6.2 and 0.7.0; which will generate a lot of noise to all reporters and bug owners.  </s>
<s> The only obvious alternative I see is to do the 0.6.2- 0.6.5 bump, which will be possible to do much more quietly but does not leave us with a clean CVS branch structure.  </s>
<s> While waiting for feedback from y'all on this I'll check in what I have in my workspace on validator-0_6_0-branch (style tweaks and inline error messages).  </s>
<s> If I haven't heard anything to the contrary by the time I need to commit the new parse mode and WSAPI stuff I'll spam Bugzilla and do the renumbering.  </s>
<s> IOW, I want feedback (either way) on this (and ASAP if possible)!  </s>
<s> Oh, and BTW, pinging me on IRC (#validator on irc.freenode.net) is usually the fastest way to get my attention if I'm about to make a no-no or you have another urgent issue.  </s>
<s> Depending on how backlogged I am, email may well sit untouched for weeks at a time.  </s>
<s> Also a lot of administrative/policy (-ish; very much "-ish" ;D) stuff gets talked about on IRC (e.g. release scheduling and play-by-play on stuff like the new stylesheet/error messages) -- simply because it has lower impedance then email, making it easier to make the decision "does anyone really care about this or should I not bother sending it?" -- so stopping by / hanging out there is highly recommended even if you're not an "IRC" kind of person.  </s>
<s> "Allright... Calm down!  </s>
<s> Relax!  </s>
<s> Start breathin??..." -- Dr. D.R.E. -----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE----- Version: PGP SDK 3.0.2  </s>
<s> iQA/AwUBPxq+6aPyPrIkdfXsEQKe7ACg0DU6LHnr+gQNITOrt8EOAeS3pvoAoMN1 qGtq5vts1GEfyMng7OMD3Wov =Mby4 -----END PGP SIGNATURE-----  </s>
<s> Why not release what we've been beta testing as 0.6.2 and then proceed?  </s>
<s> What's benn tagged as 0.6.2 is not perfect, agreed, but some people are waiting for it, and I believe we'd do the community a favor by releasing it instead if waiting for the big bulk of stuff we have in the pipe to be ready...  </s>
<s> Yes. (Just checked).  </s>
<s> olivier  </s>
<s> Quoting Terje Bless link@pobox.com :  </s>
<s> I am indeed subscribed -- sorry for not answering earlier.  </s>
<s> I read all the messages, but wanted to take some time to prepare an comprehensive answer before answering.  </s>
<s> Oh well, let's go for the partial answer...  </s>
<s> From the Debian point of view, there is no release planned in the next couple of months (there has been no freeze on the 'testing' distribution, so a release is very unlikely before next year), so there is no need to have something released in the very near future in order to have it included into Debian Sarge (the next release).  </s>
<s> In addition, the current Debian package is in pretty good shape (and the Debian packaging of OpenSP doesn't cause any problem AFAIK), I've only received minor bug reports that I forwarded to Ville.  </s>
<s> The only thing I would absolutely need for the release is a better way of configuring the validator so that it can use the catalog and DTDs that are provided by the distribution.  </s>
<s> I've promised Terje a summary of the situation a long time ago, and I should do that ASAP.  </s>
<s> But this doesn't have to be linked to a new release of the validator -- if (and when) we agree on a fix, I can backport it to the current version in Debian.  </s>
<s> I won't say much about the next release in general -- I was personaly hoping for a 0.6.2 'bug-fix' release in the near future because I understood it was needed (even though I haven't been personaly bitten by any bug in the current release), but I haven't followed the details of the changes.  </s>
<s> Whatever the new version, it would be nice to have something out in the not-so-far future.  </s>
<s> Once a decision has be made, I'll create a new (unofficial) Debian package with the pre-(0.6.2|0.6.5) version of the validator so that it can be easily tested by people using Debian.  </s>
<s> Frederic  </s>
