<s> Thursday, 5 December, 2100 UTC (the usual time) on +1-617-761-6200, passcode 9224.  </s>
<s> The purpose of the meeting is to continue processing open issues.  </s>
<s> If there are any specific points that you wish to discuss at the meeting, please nominate them on the mailing list beforehand.  </s>
<s> Dare I nominate 4.1 for a sounding?  </s>
<s> Latest proposed version: Avi  </s>
<s> Yes, I think we should discuss it to the point of obtaining the opinions of those who are on the call.  </s>
<s> Gregg wants to participate in the full discussion of 4.1, however, and is unavailable tomorrow - I think we should schedule a teleconference specifically to deal with 4.1 at which all those with a strong interest in the subject are able to be present.  </s>
<s> Next week's teleconference is set aside for the technique requirements; the week after that could be 4.1.  </s>
<s> Regrets. Loretta  </s>
<s> Regrets Lee  </s>
