<s> All NIST has completed a large majority of the HTML tests and is looking into additional areas of DOM that need tests.  </s>
<s> Should we continue on to Level3 Core or write tests for another part say the Event specification?  </s>
<s> Your input and suggestions are welcome.  </s>
<s> Rick Rivello  </s>
<s> I would suggest the DOM Level 2 Events specification.  </s>
<s> During the DOM WG teleconference yesterday, Dimitris asked each member to commit to a particular module of the DOM.  </s>
<s> We had 1 for DOM3 Core, 3 for DOM3 LS, 1 for DOM3 XPath.  </s>
<s> One of them said that he will look into MutationEvents.  </s>
<s> Given that DOM Level 3 Events will need to move on, it would be good to have one for DOM Level 2 Events that the WG can complete for DOM Level 3 Events.  </s>
<s> Now, an other approach would be to do the modules that the WG is not willing to do at all, such as Traversal and Range or CSS... Philippe  </s>
<s> I've been laying the groundwork to move over the DOM L2 Events tests that I wrote as part of the xmlconf effort.  </s>
<s> Actually, testing an events implementation is what drew me into this to start with.  </s>
<s> I should be able to transliterate the xmlconf events tests shortly (both from Java and from staff.xml to hc_staff.xml) and was intending to use that as to test the enhancements to the code generation templates that will be needed for any of the specs that have user supplied interfaces, such as load/save or traversal/range.  </s>
<s> Is anyone in the work group committing to Abstract Schema?  </s>
<s> Yes, we have one company who is willing to provide AS tests.  </s>
<s> Philippe  </s>
