<s> UAWG teleconference 21 Feb 2002 Agenda announcement: Participants: Jon Gunderson (Chair), Ian Jacobs (Scribe), Rich Schwerdtfeger, David Poehlman Absent: Tim Lacy, Harvey Bingham, Lee Bateman, Jim Allan, Denis Anson [We noted that there may have been mail problems because some people did not get the agenda.  </s>
<s> However, the meeting time was listed on the UAWG home page and announced in previous minutes.]  </s>
<s> Previous meeting: 14 February 2002 Next meeting: - 14 March at 1pm ET (not 2pm ET) - Optional: On 14 March at 2pm ET, we have been invited to attend the QAWG teleconference to talk about test suites.  </s>
<s> Reference document 12 September Candidate Recommendation: Discussion 1. Revised IPR provision of UAWG charter IJ discussed changes to the UAWG charter that simplify the language and refer to the Current Patent Practice document: Revised Action Items: TL and RS: Let Ian know about IPR requirements in new charter by 28 February 2. Implementation Report Update IJ: New Mozilla report: RS: I think that requiring two implementations of each feature of UAAG 1.0 is asking too much.  </s>
<s> DP: I have most of work done on my review of IE 6 with Jaws for Windows 4.01 on Windows XP. Should be ready by next Tuesday.  </s>
<s> IJ: I will meet with Tantek Celik re: Mac IE next week.  </s>
<s> IJ: All of this data gathering will help us make decisions about how to move forward with the document.  </s>
<s> Please continue to ask people to evaluate products and find existing implementations.  </s>
<s> JG: By next week, I will have: a) Integrated reviews b) Updated report structure 3. Next meeting: 14 March JG: Please note: We will meet at 1pm ET rather than 2pm ET so that people can meet with the W3C QA Working Group to talk about test suites.  </s>
<s> JG: We will talk about extent of implementation experience on 14 March, having incorporated all the reviews we have into the implementation report.  </s>
<s> 4. Internet Explorer Comm Bands and Browser Helper Objects JG: Refer to student project on BHO's.  </s>
<s> Apologies: The document is not very accessible.  </s>
<s> a. Outline view (Band Object) Headers Links MAP elements Accesskeys b. Navigation and activation of mouse event handlers with the keyboard (popup) c. Dynamic application of user style sheets (popup) JG: These should get us some more checkpoint implementation experience.  </s>
<s> JG: When done, I will send URIs to people who can download and test this software.  </s>
<s> Completed Action Items IJ: Ask JB about Flash (Macromedia) review Status: Judy reports that she has not had additional contact.  </s>
<s> IJ: Forward information on Test Suites to QA working group Done. Discussion 14 March with QAWG?  </s>
<s> IJ: Ping Jonny Axelson about Opera 6 Done.  </s>
<s> Report will be available soon.  </s>
<s> Open Action Items TL and JG: Review initial implementation report for IE 6.0 ' and comment Source: http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/w3c-wai-ua/2001JulSep/0191 HB: Contact ION Systems for a review of their e-reader with UAAG guidelines Source: http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/w3c-wai-ua/2001OctDec/0082 DP: Jaws 4.01 and IE 6.0 evaluation Ian Jacobs (ij@w3.org)  </s>
<s> http://www.w3.org/People/Jacobs  </s>
<s> One of the things we have as a requirement for our group is that at least two implementations should be available to cound as a sattisfied for the group.  </s>
<s> This is done so that we can cross check the flexibility of the requirements and that we don't fall into the trap os something being marked as satisfied that is unattainable by all but one product.  </s>
<s> I have readied an implemantion report on the Windows Mozilla Browser's UAAG conformance.  </s>
<s> Please keep in mind this is for Mozilla, not Netscape.  </s>
<s> We also did not evaluate Mozilla on UNIX/Linux or Mac.  </s>
<s> Here is the report: If you're interested in more about Mozilla accessibility, visit our project page: I'm interested in any and all feedback.  </s>
<s> Thank you, Aaron Leventhal  </s>
