It is time to get started. 
To kick things off I'm making this proposal for how we proceed. 
Our schedule is: May - publish revised issue list, initial update MS errate page June - face to face Aug - public working draft documents The approach I propose is that we begin by focusing on describing and resolving the issues, then move to a spec writing phase once the key issues are resolved. 
There are currently 41 model and syntax issues, 14 schema issues and one against the FAQ. 
This way we will be able to split the work out amongst ourselves, bringing back descriptions, analysis and recommendations for consideration by the group as a whole. 
I propose that by end of May we aim to: o classify the issues o update the issue list with clear descriptions and analysis of the issues o update the errata pages By the end of the June face to face we: o have have key issues resolved o document structure agreed o editors appointed By end of August we: o have first public drafts of documents We need to get started writing up the issues and proposing resolutions. 
In deciding how to order things we should bear in mind: o some quick wins would be good o take the ones on which others depend early o take the unknowns that could have a big impact early o take the ones that facilitate the process early o cluster related issues together So here is a possible clustering: Editorial - quick fix in the errata Out of scope - not our job WG Global - terminology, document structure etc Core model - resources, uri's, anon resources, reification, ... XML Syntax - all pure syntax related issues Schema - all schema related issues Vocabulary - issues relating to things which can be built on the core model, e.g. containers Relationships - relationships with other specifications Misc - other My list of things I'd like to see volunteers to begin work on includes: o proposing updates to the errata documents o proposing a glossary o taking a first look at integrating schema data types o taking a first look at issues raised by the DAML group o proposing a working model for resources, uri's, entities, fragment id's etc Brian I'd much prefer that the chairs pick a few issues to work on each week, including this week; and that we resolve one or two of them at each teleconference, including the first one, 27Apr. 
Let's not spend group time classifying the issues. 
I'm happy to delegate that to the chairs (or folks they want to delegate the task to). 
I don't see any mention of test cases in your list. 
I hope resolution of each issue takes the form of a test case. 
I hope/expect that test cases will be the core of our work; for each telcon, I'd like to see two or three test cases on the agenda; the group should discuss the test cases and decide their disposition. 
Absolutely! 
Yes! 
That's all good stuff I'm happy for the chairs to do; you just tell us which issues are open for discussion, and we (individually) develop test cases that make them black-and-white; then when an issue has been captured in a test case, the chairs should put the question to the group about which test cases are deemed to succeed and which ones fail. 
Again, I don't see test cases. 
I propose that one of the first issues we tackle is because it impacts lots of running code that I've run into, and because there's a test case in the www-rdf-comments archive. 
Perhaps it's worth extracting that test case so that folks can GET it individually with their tools; and perhaps we need a few more test cases to fully capture the issue. 
But I hope that in the 27Apr telcon, we can decide the disposition of the tests around that issue or some issue similarly ripe. 
Dan Connolly, W3C http://www.w3.org/People/Connolly/ Good point. 
OK. Can we also take a look at: the last of which is a step towards a more formal core model. 
Brian 
