<s> PFTF'ers: Well, after much discussion, we managed to get features and properties into WSDL 1.2 with an overwhelmingly positive vote.  </s>
<s> See the F2F summary [1] for a description of what we ended up with.  </s>
<s> At this point, the most immediate job of the task force is complete.  </s>
<s> However, I think there is definite value in continuing forward with the cross-group TF to flesh out the scenarios we've been discussing and research the potential value of the Features/Properties approach to extension design.  </s>
<s> This needs to be discussed with Jonathan and Mike/Dave, so I propose today we have a short telcon simply to discuss future directions, since I know everyone's been busy (including myself) and we haven't had an explicit mandated agenda after the WSDL change.  </s>
<s> Sorry for the short notice, which is another reason I'm figuring today's call can be very casual.  </s>
<s> 11AM EST, you know the number, you know the passcode [2].  </s>
<s> Talk to you then!  </s>
<s> --Glen [1] http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/www-ws-desc/2003Mar/0019.html  </s>
<s> [2] http://www.w3.org/2003/02/14-pftf.html  </s>
<s> Anyone else having trouble dialing in?  </s>
<s> I get 'passcode invalid'.  </s>
<s> Don  </s>
<s> PFTF'ers: Well, after much discussion, we managed to get features and properties into  </s>
<s> WSDL 1.2 with an overwhelmingly positive vote.  </s>
<s> See the F2F summary [1] for  </s>
<s> a description of what we ended up with.  </s>
<s> At this point, the most immediate job of the task force is complete.  </s>
<s> However, I think there is definite value in continuing forward with the cross-group TF to flesh out the scenarios we've been discussing and research the potential value of the Features/Properties approach to extension design.  </s>
<s> This needs to be discussed with Jonathan and Mike/Dave, so I propose today we have a short telcon simply to discuss future directions, since I know  </s>
<s> everyone's been busy (including myself) and we haven't had an explicit  </s>
<s> mandated agenda after the WSDL change.  </s>
<s> Sorry for the short notice, which is another reason I'm figuring today's call can be very casual.  </s>
<s> 11AM EST, you know the number, you know the passcode [2].  </s>
<s> Talk to you then!  </s>
<s> --Glen [1] http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/www-ws-desc/2003Mar/0019.html  </s>
<s> [2] http://www.w3.org/2003/02/14-pftf.html  </s>
<s> OK, mayhap we're not having a call today.  </s>
<s> :) Philippe, did the call go away?  </s>
<s> --G  </s>
<s> Let's resolve this and reschedule for next week.... (E-mail)  </s>
<s> OK, mayhap we're not having a call today.  </s>
<s> :) Philippe, did the call go away?  </s>
<s> --G  </s>
<s> I just spoke to their operator and she said its not on da calendar ... Sanjiva.  </s>
<s> gdaniels@macromedia.com ; "Properties and Features Task Force (E-mail)"  </s>
<s> "This passcode is not valid."  </s>
<s> Sorry .... On Tue, 11 Mar 2003 10:19:31 -0500  </s>
<s> Amelia A. Lewis Architect, TIBCO/Extensibility, Inc. alewis@tibco.com  </s>
<s> Yup. Let's plan to discuss the TF's future (if any) on the WSD and WSA calls this week.  </s>
<s> Thanks, all, sorry about the confusion.  </s>
<s> --G  </s>
<s> Back in my office after trying to get my laptop fixed.  </s>
<s> I did not schedule a time for this week, not knowing if people were willing to have a teleconference after the technical plenary week.  </s>
<s> Let's synchronize during the WSD/WSA calls and I'll make sure we have Zakim for next week.  </s>
<s> In any case, I won't be able to make the call next week since I'll be travelling (with my laptop if it manages to survive Philippe  </s>
