<s> I'm working on an agenda for tommorrow, will send it in an hour or so.  </s>
<s> Topics to cover include I18N/RDF XMLLiteral proposal from jjc Reification vocab proposal from pat Implementation report (ericm) Process - next step?  </s>
<s> CR/LC2/PR/etc Anything else?  </s>
<s> Let me know...  </s>
<s> This is running late; I'm in a telecon that is overrunning... Please treat msg below as draft agenda.  </s>
<s> I propose we go for a 90 minute call tommorrow and spend a fair chunk of time discussing the I18N situation.  </s>
<s> Dan * Dan Brickley danbri@w3.org  </s>
<s> [2003-08-14 07:22-0400]  </s>
<s> Tomorrow is a public holiday here, so I send my regrets.  </s>
<s> The next two weeks I'm on vacation, so again regrets (but I will try to follow the mailing lists and I hope that Pat can be my proxy).  </s>
<s> Jos De Roo, AGFA http://www.agfa.com/w3c/jdroo/  </s>
<s> maybe also whitespace in XSD Jeremy  </s>
<s> Good point.  </s>
<s> Appended to agenda, unless you think it best to deal with before I18N, XML Literal etc.  </s>
<s> Dan * Jeremy Carroll jjc@hplb.hpl.hp.com [2003-08-15 08:12+0100]  </s>
