Hi folks, sorry for being so long in coming back to you with a proposed schedule. 
Apparently, everyone seems to be happy with a regular IRC meeting with a specific agenda (as opposed to the usual chat on freenode:#val), and "during the day" (CET) seemed to be the preferred option (my apologies if I forgot someone said "during the day is a no-no"). 
So what about "first tuesday of the month" 2PM Central European Time (with the current winter time that'd be 10PM Tokyo / 8AM Montreal)? 
Actually, there will be no "first tuesday" before almost a month, but if we agree rapidly we can have a first meeting next tuesday - I have agenda items ready if we do. 
olivier That's fine with me. 
We've been talking CSS parsing over the last couple of days; that should be agenda-ised. 
More blue-skies: (optional) extra validation checks, such as whether attribute values are valid. 
I have some thoughts; not sure how they'll work. 
Nick Kew Le ven 09/01/2004 ? 
03:44, olivier Thereaux a ?crit 
: Works for me. 
I'm available then. 
Thanks for setting this up! 
Dom Dominique Haza?l-Massieux - http://www.w3.org/People/Dom/ W3C/ERCIM Good. 
Reading my IRC backlog I noticed that it wasn't best for nighttime folks... True. 
I suggested, however, early afternoon (and not morning) europe time for that purpose, though not too late so that it wouldn't be too much of a pain for me (JST). 
If it's really a problem, we can talk, though :) Yes, was on my list, along with "current progress" and modularization, although I think at least the latter can be discussed on the list for a while since there is no urgency - and other more urgent things. 
Karl has on his someday pile to look at all the cases in the HTML spec that are not covered by DTD validation, so that's indeed a topic worth discussing - extending "fussy" parsing. 
olivier Not many answers to this proposal so far, but no negative answer at all, so we will try to meet on IRC (usual channel, freenode#validator) 2004-01-13 14:00CET. 
The meeting will last one hour (only for this time, since the QA Team has another meeting after that... next times we may double this if we feel it's needed). 
Be there on time. 
Proposed Agenda: - check / checklink release calendar [35 min] (and "should we organize separate test/release/etc) - CSS parsing [25 min] preliminary discussion on what all of us have been/are/will be working on in this area. 
Note: I though Yves and Philippe were subscribed, they were not... 
I invited them directly, and hope they can join us at least for the second part. 
olivier D'oh, I guess I missed this. 
Any memos/ public IRC logs available? 
Here are my notes from the meeting (summary). 
Hopefully accurate. 
I am including a list of what I think are all the action items at the bottom, and attaching the IRC log. 
Attendees: Yves, Bjoern, Philippe, Nick, Terje, olivier Next meeting: Tuesday, Feb 3rd, 2004 (2PM CET) (should schedule for 1h30 / 2h next time) * CSS parsing / validation and validators itegration * Nick is working on a CSS analysis tool doing both validation and warning for accessibility issues. 
Plans to integrate it with Valet, possibility to also integrate with Markup Validator (fetch and validate stylesheets) That would, however, imply that the Markup Validator would need to be able to check attributes Best candidate parser is libcroco, though it has limitations. 
The idea of integration shifted the discussion to more general topics on how to achieve it: - comparing how different validators (CSS, Markup, mod_validator) work and which parser they use. 
- Quickly exploring the idea of CSS validation through schema based validation (i.e using similar mechanisms as markup validation), which is something Bjoern is working on. 
- discussing online integration through WS paradigms (soap/1.2 interface) * Markup Validator - release plan * The plan was to address all issues raised and integrating the submitted error messages before moving forward with a new beta of the Markup Validator. 
Terje being really busy, this plan goes against the wish to roll in a new beta fairly soon (and to move usability/documentation improvements to :80 ASAP). 
If we want to do that, we may have to leave controversial code (e.g fussy parsing) aside and focus on major issues for a minor release. 
Decisions made in order to move forward: - Need to integrate error messages (olivier) - We may have to officially postpone addressing some (of Bjoern's) raised issues and plan a later release - Bjoern will have a look at current state - feel free to commit code - Need to test current :8001 and branch (olivier - Bjoern can help) - Need to move qa-dev to Debian testing and 2.6 kernel (olivier with help from Yves/Daigo) * Summary of action items * AI: Bjoern - write a specification for css schema by end of january AI: ?? - contact libcroco maintainers to see what we/they can do to implement the features we need AI: Nick - investigate Apache2+modperl, play with :8001; AI: Nick - work/experiment on CSS parse AI: olivier - review and integrate submitted error messages AI: olivier (+Bjoern) - test current :8001 and branch AI: olivier (+Yves, +Daigo?) - move qa-dev to Debian testing and 2.6 kernel Attached is the public IRC log. 
Thank you. 
olivier Ville, Yes, I guess that was a bit of a short notice, sorry about that. 
Will you be available monthly (starting Feb 3rd) or is the schedule not good for you? 
Just sent notes and log to the list. 
olivier The 2.6 kernel was successfully installed on qa-dev by our local Server guru, Daigo Matsubara (Thanks a lot!). 
Also, regarding the debian distribution on this machine, I remember thinking during the meeting that the distribution was actually, or had been, "testing". 
I was wrong, it is (and probably has been for quite a while) "unstable", which should work fine for experiment purposes. 
Please contact me if you need anything else. 
olivier 
