<s> Could group members please send your thoughts to the list regarding the proposed merger of the ERT and AU working groups.  </s>
<s> Just to clarify, the deliverables would remain the same, an AU Techniques Document, an ERT Techniques Document, etc.  </s>
<s> This would happen after the re-chartering of the two groups.  </s>
<s> Thanks Jutta  </s>
<s> On stardate 9 May 2000, Jutta Treviranus sent a subspace communication stating:  </s>
<s> I have no objection to this.  </s>
<s> Member: HWG Governing Board &amp; Assistant Secretary  </s>
<s> I think it is a really good thing, totally support.  </s>
<s> Heather Swayne Program Manager Microsoft Accessibility and Disabilities Group Microsoft Office Liaison  </s>
<s> Could group members please send your thoughts to the list regarding the proposed merger of the ERT and AU working groups.  </s>
<s> Just to clarify, the deliverables would remain the same, an AU Techniques Document, an ERT Techniques Document, etc.  </s>
<s> This would happen after the re-chartering of the two groups.  </s>
<s> Thanks Jutta  </s>
<s> After attending the AU-ERT meeting, I'm leaning away from the merger idea.  </s>
<s> ERT has a much wider focus than I was expecting.  </s>
<s> In particular, I think they see themselves as more of an Evaluation (of documents, authoring tools, browsers) and Repair (of documents on the authoring or browsing end) Tools group.  </s>
<s> Althought the AERT document is closely related to the AU work, the rest of the things they are planning are not as related.  </s>
<s> I do however, support the idea of joint conference calls once a month, as was proposed at the meeting.  </s>
<s> Perhaps this will lead to closer coordination without a merger.  </s>
<s> Jan  </s>
<s> Jan Richards jan.richards@utoronto.ca  </s>
<s> Access Software Designer Adaptive Technology Resource Centre University of Toronto (416) 946-7060  </s>
