<s> Well, it seems we've got Dodji (libcroco author) joining us, so I guess we should make CSS a major agenda item.  </s>
<s> I'm not sure if that might pre-empt my next subject due to time constraints ...  </s>
<s> Another subject that has come up separately is collecting validation statistics.  </s>
<s> I'm thinking we could run a database at qa-dev, with  </s>
<s> Bjoern's MSIE toolbar feeding it data (at the option ot users of the toolbar).  </s>
<s> This idea arose out of a Usenet thread, and if we put it on the agenda, we might want to invite Michael Rozdoba to join us for it.  </s>
<s> On a separate note, why are there two separate lists of third-party contributors at /QA/Tools/qa-dev/ ?  </s>
<s> Wouldn't it be more equitable  </s>
<s> just to merge them?  </s>
<s> Nick Kew  </s>
<s> Interesting, though tricky, topic.  </s>
<s> We're just discussing about it on the IRC channel now, and unless you work on a given panel of pages, it's difficult to achieve.  </s>
<s> True, when I first made the page I first listed the people who had accounts on the qa-dev test server, then added other significant contributors.  </s>
<s> Merged now as people's contribution normally tends to fluctuate anyway, any attempt at a classification is silly.  </s>
<s> Wouldn't it be more equitable just to merge them?  </s>
<s> Not sure there is an equitable way anyway, but you had a point.  </s>
<s> olivier  </s>
<s> On this topic, I just received: olivier  </s>
