<s> This is a reminder that we will not have a conference call today.  </s>
<s> Many group members are in transit or at the WWW9 meetings.  </s>
<s> Our next meeting will be Tues the 23rd.  </s>
<s> Those of you who committed to send proposed rewordings of the definition for prompt to the list, please do it by the end of this week.  </s>
<s> We will try to resolve the issues related to guideline 3.1 and the definition of prompt on the 23rd.  </s>
<s> Thanks Jutta  </s>
<s> Potential regrets - I may be available, but I may have W3C team commitments in Amsterdam.  </s>
<s> Charles This is a reminder that we will not have a conference call today.  </s>
<s> Many group members are in transit or at the WWW9 meetings.  </s>
<s> Our next meeting will be Tues the 23rd.  </s>
<s> Those of you who committed to send proposed rewordings of the definition for prompt to the list, please do it by the end of this week.  </s>
<s> We will try to resolve the issues related to guideline 3.1 and the definition of prompt on the 23rd.  </s>
<s> Thanks Jutta W3C Web Accessibility Initiative http://www.w3.org/WAI Location: I-cubed, 110 Victoria Street, Carlton VIC 3053 Postal: GPO Box 2476V, Melbourne 3001, Australia  </s>
<s> During today's meeting I will be joining from a pay phone somewhere between Syracuse and Rochester.  </s>
<s> Can anyone volunteer to take minutes?  </s>
<s> Jutta  </s>
