<s> hi Jon and Harvey: If I remember right, Alan went on vacation for most of August, so I was wondering if one of you could supply me with more info, as to what the "infamous 600 combinations." was all about, I may be able to locate or track this down in the meantime.  </s>
<s> mark  </s>
<s> Agenda can also be found at: WAI UA Telecon for August 4th, 1999 Chair: Jon Gunderson Date: Wednesday, August 4th Time: 12:00 noon to 1:30 pm Eastern Standard Time Call-in: W3C Tobin Bridge (+1) 617-252-7000 Agenda Open Action Items CMN: Copy request sent to blinux users for info about orientation to UAGL list.  </s>
<s> HB: Ask Alan Cantor for links to pages where OS system keyboard conventions are documented.  </s>
<s> Also, send reference to infamous 600 combinations.  </s>
<s> RS: Review conformance statement, and classes of browsers (HPR) see where it fits into classes, present proposal to list if needed.  </s>
<s> IJ: Review member participation for next week (waiting for response from Judy Brewer) JG/IJ: Will finalize dates for next F2F by next teleconf 4 August and announce on 5 August.  </s>
<s> GR/DP: Review all checkpoints and document how particular issues apply in a frameset context.  </s>
<s> IJ: Write a proposal for dealing with natural language changes and primary identification to replace Checkpoint 9.9.  </s>
<s> Also, look into bidi support.  </s>
<s> IJ: Write a proposal to combine 9.16-9.18  </s>
<s> into one Pri 3 checkpoint worded something like: "Make available information about a focused link to to enable the user to decide whether to follow the link.  </s>
<s> In particular, make available whether the link has been visited and whether it involves a fee." GR: Write a proposal for a configuration checkpoint for guideline 9 (any information made available to the user).  </s>
<s> Discussion 1. F2F Meeting for late September or Early October 2. Continue discusion of proposal to changes in checkpoints for Guideline 9: Help Orient the User Proposal: http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/w3c-wai-ua/1999JulSep/0036.html  </s>
<s> Last weeks discussion: 3. Issue #59: Reordering of guidelines to place more important guidelines at the beginning of the document 4. Outline proposed by IJ for techniques for accessing web content (Guideline 7) Jon Gunderson, Ph.D., ATP Coordinator of Assistive Communication and Information Technology Division of Rehabilitation - Education Services University of Illinois at Urbana/Champaign 1207 S. Oak Street Champaign, IL 61820 Voice: 217-244-5870 E-mail: jongund@uiuc.edu  </s>
<s> WWW: http://www.staff.uiuc.edu/~jongund  </s>
<s> Agenda can also be found at: WAI UA Telecon for August 4th, 1999 Chair: Jon Gunderson Date: Wednesday, August 4th Time: 12:00 noon to 1:30 pm Eastern Standard Time Call-in: W3C Tobin Bridge (+1) 617-252-7000 Agenda  </s>
<s> Open Action Items CMN: Copy request sent to blinux users for info about orientation to UAGL list.  </s>
<s> HB: Ask Alan Cantor for links to pages where OS system keyboard conventions are documented.  </s>
<s> Also, send reference to infamous 600 combinations.  </s>
<s> RS: Review conformance statement, and classes of browsers (HPR) see where it fits into classes, present proposal to list if needed.  </s>
<s> IJ: Review member participation for next week (waiting for response from Judy Brewer) JG/IJ: Will finalize dates for next F2F by next teleconf 4 August and announce on 5 August.  </s>
<s> GR/DP: Review all checkpoints and document how particular issues apply in a frameset context.  </s>
<s> IJ: Write a proposal for dealing with natural language changes and primary identification to replace Checkpoint 9.9.  </s>
<s> Also, look into bidi support.  </s>
<s> IJ: Write a proposal to combine 9.16-9.18  </s>
<s> into one Pri 3 checkpoint worded something like: "Make available information about a focused link to to enable the user to decide whether to follow the link.  </s>
<s> In particular, make available whether the link has been visited and whether it involves a fee." GR: Write a proposal for a configuration checkpoint for guideline 9 (any information made available to the user).  </s>
<s> Discussion 1. F2F Meeting for late September or Early October 2. Continue discusion of proposal to changes in checkpoints for Guideline 9: Help Orient the User Proposal: http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/w3c-wai-ua/1999JulSep/0036.html  </s>
<s> Last weeks discussion: 3. Issue #59: Reordering of guidelines to place more important guidelines at the beginning of the document 4. Outline proposed by IJ for techniques for accessing web content (Guideline 7) Jon Gunderson, Ph.D., ATP Coordinator of Assistive Communication and Information Technology Division of Rehabilitation - Education Services University of Illinois at Urbana/Champaign 1207 S. Oak Street Champaign, IL 61820 Voice: 217-244-5870 E-mail: jongund@uiuc.edu  </s>
<s> WWW:http://www.staff.uiuc.edu/~jongund  </s>
<s> FYI Microsoft, has a keyboard assistance page at:  </s>
