<s> Can anyone send some rough notes from the telconf to the list, or did someone take minutes?  </s>
<s> Chaals Location: 21 Mitchell street FOOTSCRAY Vic 3011, Australia (or W3C INRIA, Route des Lucioles, BP 93, 06902 Sophia Antipolis Cedex, France)  </s>
<s> The taking of minutes slipped my mind, but here's what I remember: Jutta Jan Phill Heather Liddy  </s>
<s> 1. Technical Plenary meeting, should we meet?  </s>
<s> Probably not.  </s>
<s> There was talk of meeting at the next WWW conference but Hawaii is sometimes a problem for business travel.  </s>
<s> 2. User preference Schemas Agreed that user pref.  </s>
<s> schemas are appropriate for the techniques of checkpoint 7.1.  </s>
<s> And they deserve watching.  </s>
<s> 3. Action item review Phill Jenkins still getting together his material.  </s>
<s> 4. Other Meeting adjourned.  </s>
<s> Cheers, Jan Jan Richards UI Design Specialist Adaptive Technology Resource Centre (ATRC) University of Toronto jan.richards@utoronto.ca  </s>
<s> So, what are we planning for face to face meetings in teh next 6 months or so?  </s>
<s> There is a possibility of meeting with IMS people at Hawaii, but we will get a limited group.  </s>
<s> There is Vancouver at some point.  </s>
<s> thoughts?  </s>
<s> Are we saying that we should cancel our place at the technical plenary?  </s>
<s> chaals The taking of minutes slipped my mind, but here's what I remember: Jutta Jan Phill Heather Liddy  </s>
<s> 1. Technical Plenary meeting, should we meet?  </s>
<s> Probably not.  </s>
<s> There was talk of meeting at the next WWW conference but Hawaii is sometimes a problem for business travel.  </s>
<s> I remember Jutta saying that if 5 people are able to attend, then we would meet.  </s>
<s> I really got a lot out of all the side meetings at the W3C Plenary event in Boston last time.  </s>
<s> Regards, Phill Jenkins, (512) 838-4517 IBM Research Division - Accessibility Center 11501 Burnet Rd, Austin TX 78758 http://www.ibm.com/able  </s>
<s> I thought that we were not sure about the plenary in France, and the same for Hawaii.  </s>
<s> The problem with France for me and Jutta is that the IMS meeting is at the same time.  </s>
<s> Unfortunately, IMS and W3C are in synch with their quarterly plenary.  </s>
<s> One of the bosses of IMS, Marcia Rockwood, is keen to help us get together and suggesting we think about what would be better.  </s>
<s> IMS has its May plenary in Boston - we did think maybe we could have the IMS accessibility F2F the week before in Boston.  </s>
<s> Yesterday we had another IMS meeting - they have problems with Hawaii for 'business' meetings too - but I do point out that there are others who attend the www meetings that might be useful at an ATAG meeting.  </s>
<s> Finally, I think it would be good to have in the minutes my report that DC  </s>
<s> is now working on an element that describes accessibility for discovery.  </s>
<s> I have the IG charter in with the exec and hope it will be up soon.  </s>
<s> next step is a WG and there is good interest in all this.  </s>
<s> The benefits, as I see them, are that a lot of resources will be tagged with this metadata quickly, or have it associated with the resource in some other useful way, it draws the attention of the very large DC community to accessibility, and it carries accessibility into about 40 countries - 30 plus languages.  </s>
<s> I am expecting the DC IG/WG to work closely with the W3C groups and hoping members of this group will join that effort.  </s>
<s> Again, scheduling meetings that can bring both groups together will be of interest to us - and Hawaii seems a very good time for that in the first instance.  </s>
<s> Liddy  </s>
<s> The resolution we reached regarding the teleconference is if we have 5 or more members who are able to attend we will hold a meeting in France.  </s>
<s> So far Phil, Liddy, and Charles are able to make it.  </s>
<s> Is anyone else able to make it to the plenary meeting?  </s>
<s> Jutta  </s>
