<s> All, It seems that we're not making additional progress on the quota specification.  </s>
<s> My recollection from talking to Lisa is that another version of the specification is ready to be submitted as an Internet-Draft.  </s>
<s> Is there belief that we could start a WG last call on this draft once it was issued, or are there still outstanding issues (or do you need to read the next draft to determine this).  </s>
<s> I think we're very close to completion on this work, it just needs a little bit of additional work to bring it to completion.  </s>
<s> - Jim  </s>
<s> draft-ietf-webdav-quota-03.txt was submitted on 9/4, but since it's not up on the IETF site I just resubmitted it.  </s>
<s> -brian briank@xythos.com  </s>
<s> Jim, my concern with the quota specification is that everytime we discuss is,  </s>
<s> Stefan, myself and others are raising concerns about semantics and complexity of the spec, even suggesting much easier approaches that should cover the use cases we've seen equally well (see thread starting with [1]).  </s>
<s> I'd say that the lack of progress is mainly caused by these concerns not  </s>
<s> being appropriately addressed.  </s>
<s> In particular as this is now a WebDAV working group activity, I'd like to see a - known-issues list (like it should be present for any working group draft) and - public discussion of changes *before* a new draft is submitted Right now the draft seems to be handled like a private submission with very limited visibility to the (interested parts of the) working group, and this is really a shame.  </s>
<s> Julian  </s>
<s> [1] http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/w3c-dist-auth/2003JanMar/0314.html  </s>
<s> Julian,  </s>
<s> I didn't realize there were any known issues.  </s>
<s> Unless I'm mistaken,  </s>
<s> the only "fix" that didn't get into -03 was a suggestion by you to add an additional definition, and I was waiting from text from you for that.  </s>
<s> Also note that there were no changes made that were not discussed on the list.  </s>
<s> -brian briank@xythos.com  </s>
<s> In which case we should go through all the mails that were exchanged between January and March.  </s>
<s> For instance:  </s>
<s> Obviously there weren't any changes.  </s>
<s> No new draft was posted to the list or published by the IETF.  </s>
<s> So could you please update the working group about what the current draft is, and how it differs from the last published one (which is the -01 draft published on March 07)?  </s>
<s> Regards, Julian  </s>
<s> And can the current draft be posted to the working group web page under the "current draft documents" section?  </s>
<s> I have no idea what state the current draft is in.  </s>
<s> Thanks!  </s>
<s> The status of the draft is that it has been submitted.  </s>
<s> That should result in it being posted on the IETF site RSN.  </s>
<s> -brian briank@xythos.com  </s>
