<s> Peter, or other folks Is there anyone from the OpenOffice or StarOffice projects who has time to represent the group on the W3C Authoring Tool Accessibility Guidelines working group, or to give us updates and feedback on how much those guidelines are implemented by the project?  </s>
<s> The Guidelines are designed to apply to all tools used to produce content for the Web - both "HTML editors" and the range of other tools that people use to produce content, such as office productivity tools and media editing tools.  </s>
<s> More information at http://www.w3.org/WAI/AU and guidelines (W3C Recommendation since Feb 2000) at http://www.w3.org/TR/ATAG10 cheers Charles McCN Location: 21 Mitchell street FOOTSCRAY Vic 3011, Australia (or W3C INRIA, Route des Lucioles, BP 93, 06902 Sophia Antipolis Cedex, France) Greetings, The Sun Accessibility team is delighted to announce the establishment of the OpenOffice.org Accessibility Project.  </s>
<s> This work will also allow Sun to build accessibility into the StarOffice productivity suite.  </s>
<s> [snip] For details on the OpenOffice.org accessibility project, please see: For details on the OpenOffice.org UNO Accessibility API, please see: To view the proposal for presentation document accessibility, please see: On behalf of the Sun Microsystems Accessibility team, Peter Korn Sun Microsystems access@sun.com  </s>
<s> I was all set up and ready to go but missed my alarm and the call.... sorry  </s>
<s> I wanted to discuss the possibility of a 'summit' at www11 - I think we have a full-day workshop on the tutorial workshop day but I wanted to check the agenda and format for that day.  </s>
<s> See next email.  </s>
<s> Liddy  </s>
<s> Me too, sorry folks.  </s>
<s> Was anyone on the call?  </s>
<s> chaals I was all set up and ready to go but missed my alarm and the call.... sorry  </s>
<s> Sorry, I missed too.  </s>
<s> I slept in after flying in late.  </s>
<s> - Jan  </s>
<s> Cheers, Jan Jan Richards UI Design Specialist Adaptive Technology Resource Centre (ATRC) University of Toronto jan.richards@utoronto.ca  </s>
<s> We did hold a short meeting with Phil and Heather on the call.  </s>
<s> The Summit was discussed.  </s>
<s> Heather will not be able to make it due to wedding plans, IBM will be there.  </s>
<s> Everyone thought it was a good opportunity to pull together the various efforts.  </s>
<s> Jutta  </s>
<s> I have submitted a request to hold this - if we are successful we can decide how to do it and we do not need to go through papers submission etc .... Liddy  </s>
