<s> Hello, Please indicate whether you will or will not be able to attend a 5 July teleconference.  </s>
<s> This will affect whether we skip a week.  </s>
<s> I am able to attend a 5 July teleconference, though I wouldn't mind a break.  </s>
<s> I don't want too long a break since we have to  </s>
<s> finish up the SVG WG teleconference.  </s>
<s> - Ian Ian Jacobs (ij@w3.org)  </s>
<s> http://www.w3.org/People/Jacobs Cell: +1 917 450-8783  </s>
<s> I'm available.  </s>
<s> Hello, Please indicate whether you will or will not be able to attend a 5 July teleconference.  </s>
<s> This will affect whether we skip a week.  </s>
<s> I am able to attend a 5 July teleconference, though I wouldn't mind a break.  </s>
<s> I don't want too long a break since we have to  </s>
<s> finish up the SVG WG teleconference.  </s>
<s> - Ian Ian Jacobs (ij@w3.org)  </s>
<s> http://www.w3.org/People/Jacobs Cell: +1 917 450-8783  </s>
<s> I can be there.  </s>
<s> I think a break is in order so Ian can catch up and the SVG group can provide preliminary feedback on Ian's response questions to the SVG report.  </s>
<s> Jim Allan, Webmaster &amp; Statewide Technical Support Specialist Texas School for the Blind and Visually Impaired 1100 W. 45th St., Austin, Texas 78756 "I see the Earth.  </s>
<s> It is so beautiful."--  </s>
<s> first words spoken by human in space.  </s>
<s> [Yuri Alekseevich Gagarin, from the Vostok 1, April 12, 1961.]  </s>
<s> Behalf Of Ian B. Jacobs  </s>
<s> Hello, Please indicate whether you will or will not be able to attend a 5 July teleconference.  </s>
<s> This will affect whether we skip a week.  </s>
<s> I am able to attend a 5 July teleconference, though I wouldn't mind a break.  </s>
<s> I don't want too long a break since we have to  </s>
<s> finish up the SVG WG teleconference.  </s>
<s> - Ian Ian Jacobs (ij@w3.org)  </s>
<s> http://www.w3.org/People/Jacobs Cell: +1 917 450-8783  </s>
<s> Ian, I think that I will be available for the telecon.  </s>
<s> Denis Behalf Of David Poehlman I'm available.  </s>
<s> ----- Original Message -----  </s>
<s> Hello, Please indicate whether you will or will not be able to attend a 5 July teleconference.  </s>
<s> This will affect whether we skip a week.  </s>
<s> I am able to attend a 5 July teleconference, though I wouldn't mind a break.  </s>
<s> I don't want too long a break since we have to  </s>
<s> finish up the SVG WG teleconference.  </s>
<s> - Ian Ian Jacobs (ij@w3.org)  </s>
<s> http://www.w3.org/People/Jacobs Cell: +1 917 450-8783  </s>
<s> I propose the following.  </s>
<s> All in favor say "aye". 1) We next meet on 12 July  </s>
<s> 2) Since we will skip 5 July, everyone is REQUIRED to read the proposed replies to the SVG WG [1] (and should read the minutes of yesterday's teleconference as well once I have sent them to the list).  </s>
<s> [1] http://www.w3.org/WAI/UA/2001/06/svg-lc 3) Everyone MUST make some kind of statement about the proposed responses, such as: a) I love them and no changes are required.  </s>
<s> b) Please add the following rationale to this section.  </s>
<s> [I would like those types of comments a lot.] c) I do not agree with this specific response and would like to discuss it at the 12 July meeting.  </s>
<s> And here is my reasoning by email as fodder for discussion.  </s>
<s> The SVG comments stand between us and Candidate Recommendation (a few trifles must be handled as well, but our first responsibility is to respond to the SVG WG).  </s>
<s> Therefore, it is very important to send our responses as soon as possible.  </s>
<s> It is the beginning of the summer, and there's a risk of losing momentum as we prepare for Candidate Recommendation.  </s>
<s> Please help us maintain momentum (despite skipping a meeting) by being responsive on the list (and sending comments before the 12 July meeting so that we have a chance to read them).  </s>
<s> I will be talking with Dean Jackson next week to gather more information about some of the technical comments made by the SVG WG.  </s>
<s> I would note that after the teleconference from yesterday, I think we have two proposals forming, so please consider these as you read the responses.  </s>
<s> Proposal 1, for comment A.3 - Clarify in the document that conformance icons only indicate a claim and not a certified claim (as we have not certification mechanism at this time).  </s>
<s> - I think that we should not change the meaning of the icon later on, should we develop a certification mechanism for some reason.  </s>
<s> Thus, the meaning of the icon is fixed with the spec, and if we want to assign a new meaning, we publish a new spec.  </s>
<s> Proposal 2, for comment A.2 - Clarify that the requirements to slow, stop, pause, etc. (checkpoints 4.4 and 4.5) apply to all instances of audio and animations.  </s>
<s> - Add a sufficient technique: if the timing of the animation is controlled by some 'master' element such as a parent time container in SMIL, then it is sufficient to provide the required control for the master only.  </s>
<s> User agents may provide control for the 'dependent' content as well.  </s>
<s> Thank you, - Ian Ian Jacobs (ij@w3.org)  </s>
<s> http://www.w3.org/People/Jacobs Cell: +1 917 450-8783  </s>
<s> I am available.  </s>
<s> Rich Schwerdtfeger Senior Technical Staff Member IBM Accessibility Center Research Division EMail/web: schwer@us.ibm.com "Two roads diverged in a wood, and I - I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.",  </s>
<s> Frost "Ian B. Jacobs" Sent by: cc: w3c-wai-ua-requ Subject: Should we have a teleconference 5 July?  </s>
<s> est@w3.org  </s>
<s> 06/28/2001 03:52 PM  </s>
<s> Hello, Please indicate whether you will or will not be able to attend a 5 July teleconference.  </s>
<s> This will affect whether we skip a week.  </s>
<s> I am able to attend a 5 July teleconference, though I wouldn't mind a break.  </s>
<s> I don't want too long a break since we have to  </s>
<s> finish up the SVG WG teleconference.  </s>
<s> - Ian Ian Jacobs (ij@w3.org)  </s>
<s> http://www.w3.org/People/Jacobs Cell: +1 917 450-8783  </s>
<s> Ian, I'll put the break to good use and even get around to finishing reading of the current draft.  </s>
<s> oedipus@hicom.net ; mickeyq@earthlink.net ; poehlman@clark.net ; jongund@uiuc.edu ; ehansen@ets.org ; hbingham@ACM.org ;  </s>
<s> I propose the following.  </s>
<s> All in favor say "aye". 1) We next meet on 12 July  </s>
<s> 2) Since we will skip 5 July, everyone is REQUIRED to read the proposed replies to the SVG WG [1] (and should read the minutes of yesterday's teleconference as well once I have sent them to the list).  </s>
<s> [1] http://www.w3.org/WAI/UA/2001/06/svg-lc 3) Everyone MUST make some kind of statement about the proposed responses, such as: a) I love them and no changes are required.  </s>
<s> b) Please add the following rationale to this section.  </s>
<s> [I would like those types of comments a lot.] c) I do not agree with this specific response and would like to discuss it at the 12 July meeting.  </s>
<s> And here is my reasoning by email as fodder for discussion.  </s>
<s> The SVG comments stand between us and Candidate Recommendation (a few trifles must be handled as well, but our first responsibility is to respond to the SVG WG).  </s>
<s> Therefore, it is very important to send our responses as soon as possible.  </s>
<s> It is the beginning of the summer, and there's a risk of losing momentum as we prepare for Candidate Recommendation.  </s>
<s> Please help us maintain momentum (despite skipping a meeting) by being responsive on the list (and sending comments before the 12 July meeting so that we have a chance to read them).  </s>
<s> I will be talking with Dean Jackson next week to gather more information about some of the technical comments made by the SVG WG.  </s>
<s> I would note that after the teleconference from yesterday, I think we have two proposals forming, so please consider these as you read the responses.  </s>
<s> Proposal 1, for comment A.3 - Clarify in the document that conformance icons only indicate a claim and not a certified claim (as we have not certification mechanism at this time).  </s>
<s> - I think that we should not change the meaning of the icon later on, should we develop a certification mechanism for some reason.  </s>
<s> Thus, the meaning of the icon is fixed with the spec, and if we want to assign a new meaning, we publish a new spec.  </s>
<s> Proposal 2, for comment A.2 - Clarify that the requirements to slow, stop, pause, etc. (checkpoints 4.4 and 4.5) apply to all instances of audio and animations.  </s>
<s> - Add a sufficient technique: if the timing of the animation is controlled by some 'master' element such as a parent time container in SMIL, then it is sufficient to provide the required control for the master only.  </s>
<s> User agents may provide control for the 'dependent' content as well.  </s>
<s> Thank you, - Ian Ian Jacobs (ij@w3.org)  </s>
<s> http://www.w3.org/People/Jacobs Cell: +1 917 450-8783  </s>
<s> AYE Jim Allan, Webmaster &amp; Statewide Technical Support Specialist Texas School for the Blind and Visually Impaired 1100 W. 45th St., Austin, Texas 78756 "I see the Earth.  </s>
<s> It is so beautiful."--  </s>
<s> first words spoken by human in space.  </s>
<s> [Yuri Alekseevich Gagarin, from the Vostok 1, April 12, 1961.]  </s>
<s> Behalf Of Ian B. Jacobs oedipus@hicom.net; mickeyq@earthlink.net;  </s>
<s> poehlman@clark.net;  </s>
<s> jongund@uiuc.edu;  </s>
<s> ehansen@ets.org;  </s>
<s> hbingham@ACM.org;  </s>
<s> danson@miseri.edu; allan_jm@tsbvi.edu  </s>
<s> I propose the following.  </s>
<s> All in favor say "aye". 1) We next meet on 12 July  </s>
<s> 2) Since we will skip 5 July, everyone is REQUIRED to read the proposed replies to the SVG WG [1] (and should read the minutes of yesterday's teleconference as well once I have sent them to the list).  </s>
<s> [1] http://www.w3.org/WAI/UA/2001/06/svg-lc 3) Everyone MUST make some kind of statement about the proposed responses, such as: a) I love them and no changes are required.  </s>
<s> b) Please add the following rationale to this section.  </s>
<s> [I would like those types of comments a lot.] c) I do not agree with this specific response and would like to discuss it at the 12 July meeting.  </s>
<s> And here is my reasoning by email as fodder for discussion.  </s>
<s> The SVG comments stand between us and Candidate Recommendation (a few trifles must be handled as well, but our first responsibility is to respond to the SVG WG).  </s>
<s> Therefore, it is very important to send our responses as soon as possible.  </s>
<s> It is the beginning of the summer, and there's a risk of losing momentum as we prepare for Candidate Recommendation.  </s>
<s> Please help us maintain momentum (despite skipping a meeting) by being responsive on the list (and sending comments before the 12 July meeting so that we have a chance to read them).  </s>
<s> I will be talking with Dean Jackson next week to gather more information about some of the technical comments made by the SVG WG.  </s>
<s> I would note that after the teleconference from yesterday, I think we have two proposals forming, so please consider these as you read the responses.  </s>
<s> Proposal 1, for comment A.3 - Clarify in the document that conformance icons only indicate a claim and not a certified claim (as we have not certification mechanism at this time).  </s>
<s> - I think that we should not change the meaning of the icon later on, should we develop a certification mechanism for some reason.  </s>
<s> Thus, the meaning of the icon is fixed with the spec, and if we want to assign a new meaning, we publish a new spec.  </s>
<s> Proposal 2, for comment A.2 - Clarify that the requirements to slow, stop, pause, etc. (checkpoints 4.4 and 4.5) apply to all instances of audio and animations.  </s>
<s> - Add a sufficient technique: if the timing of the animation is controlled by some 'master' element such as a parent time container in SMIL, then it is sufficient to provide the required control for the master only.  </s>
<s> User agents may provide control for the 'dependent' content as well.  </s>
<s> Thank you, - Ian Ian Jacobs (ij@w3.org)  </s>
<s> http://www.w3.org/People/Jacobs Cell: +1 917 450-8783  </s>
<s> Aye!  </s>
<s> Aye Denis Anson, MS, OTR/L Assistant Professor College Misericordia 301 Lake St. Dallas, PA 18612 Behalf Of Ian B. Jacobs oedipus@hicom.net; mickeyq@earthlink.net;  </s>
<s> poehlman@clark.net;  </s>
<s> jongund@uiuc.edu;  </s>
<s> ehansen@ets.org;  </s>
<s> hbingham@ACM.org;  </s>
<s> danson@miseri.edu; allan_jm@tsb1.tsbvi.edu  </s>
<s> I propose the following.  </s>
<s> All in favor say "aye". 1) We next meet on 12 July  </s>
<s> 2) Since we will skip 5 July, everyone is REQUIRED to read the proposed replies to the SVG WG [1] (and should read the minutes of yesterday's teleconference as well once I have sent them to the list).  </s>
<s> [1] http://www.w3.org/WAI/UA/2001/06/svg-lc 3) Everyone MUST make some kind of statement about the proposed responses, such as: a) I love them and no changes are required.  </s>
<s> b) Please add the following rationale to this section.  </s>
<s> [I would like those types of comments a lot.] c) I do not agree with this specific response and would like to discuss it at the 12 July meeting.  </s>
<s> And here is my reasoning by email as fodder for discussion.  </s>
<s> The SVG comments stand between us and Candidate Recommendation (a few trifles must be handled as well, but our first responsibility is to respond to the SVG WG).  </s>
<s> Therefore, it is very important to send our responses as soon as possible.  </s>
<s> It is the beginning of the summer, and there's a risk of losing momentum as we prepare for Candidate Recommendation.  </s>
<s> Please help us maintain momentum (despite skipping a meeting) by being responsive on the list (and sending comments before the 12 July meeting so that we have a chance to read them).  </s>
<s> I will be talking with Dean Jackson next week to gather more information about some of the technical comments made by the SVG WG.  </s>
<s> I would note that after the teleconference from yesterday, I think we have two proposals forming, so please consider these as you read the responses.  </s>
<s> Proposal 1, for comment A.3 - Clarify in the document that conformance icons only indicate a claim and not a certified claim (as we have not certification mechanism at this time).  </s>
<s> - I think that we should not change the meaning of the icon later on, should we develop a certification mechanism for some reason.  </s>
<s> Thus, the meaning of the icon is fixed with the spec, and if we want to assign a new meaning, we publish a new spec.  </s>
<s> Proposal 2, for comment A.2 - Clarify that the requirements to slow, stop, pause, etc. (checkpoints 4.4 and 4.5) apply to all instances of audio and animations.  </s>
<s> - Add a sufficient technique: if the timing of the animation is controlled by some 'master' element such as a parent time container in SMIL, then it is sufficient to provide the required control for the master only.  </s>
<s> User agents may provide control for the 'dependent' content as well.  </s>
<s> Thank you, - Ian Ian Jacobs (ij@w3.org)  </s>
<s> http://www.w3.org/People/Jacobs Cell: +1 917 450-8783  </s>
<s> Regards/Harvey  </s>
