<s> Below are my rough notes for Tuesday's meeting.  </s>
<s> Please flesh them out.  </s>
<s> Regarding the next joint face-to-face meeting at WWW9, I have had to decide between sending Chris Ridpath or going myself.  </s>
<s> There are two conflicting events that at least one of us has to attend.  </s>
<s> I decided that it was more important that Chris should attend the ERT meetings.  </s>
<s> Consequently, Chris Ridpath, Jan Richards and Ian Graham will be attending the meetings on behalf of the ATRC and I will be in Ottawa at a meeting on Parliament Hill.  </s>
<s> I will be raising the tentative proposal that we investigate merging the two working groups to the Coordination Group on Tuesday, since the techniques we are working on are very similar.  </s>
<s> This will likely come up as an agenda item during the face-to-face meeting.  </s>
<s> What are people's thoughts on this?  </s>
<s> Thanks Jutta Here are the raw notes for Tuesday's meeting, forgive the stylized  </s>
<s> text, I did it in Word.  </s>
<s> Present: Heather, Jan William Frank Marjolein Gregory (late) Charles (late) Review Action Items: Nothing further completed  </s>
<s> Techniques Draft: Heather will review techniques from general perspective by the next meeting.  </s>
<s> Resolved we need to change definition.  </s>
<s> Jan will post a diagram of his proposal Heather proposed that a better way to encourage the author to input meaningful equivalent text is to provide a prominent text field in the image insertion dialog and back this up with a blue underline for cases when the dialog is not used to paste in the image.  </s>
<s> There was general consensus that this was a good approach.  </s>
<s> Charles joined Gregory joined Charles: Dropping the word prompt means 3.1 is not needed as it is covered by 4.0.  </s>
<s> Charles proposed dropping 3.1 Heather agreed with Charles.  </s>
<s> Jan, Marjolein, Jutta, Frank and Gregory disagreed.  </s>
<s> Gregory: The onus is on the developers who objected to the guideline to propose an alternative.  </s>
<s> Jutta; The Guideline document at the moment is contradictory and confusing as it relates to the term prompt and the onus is on us to clarify.  </s>
<s> Charles will propose an alternative definition for prompt and send it to the list.  </s>
<s> On stardate 4 May 2000, Jutta Treviranus sent a subspace communication stating: Here are the raw notes for Tuesday's meeting, forgive the stylized text, I did it in Word.  </s>
<s> Present: Heather, Jan William Frank Marjolein Gregory (late) Charles (late) I was there too.  </s>
<s> You didn't put "Fred" in the list.  </s>
<s> :-) Member: HWG Governing Board &amp; Assistant Secretary  </s>
<s> My humblest apologies for the oversight Fred.  </s>
<s> As you can see my mind was in two places and I'm not good at minuting.  </s>
<s> Jutta  </s>
