Hi Everyone, Just a reminder that the AUWG conference call will take place on Monday January 12 (TODAY) at the regular time.: 4:00 pm ET (617) 761-6200 ext. 
2894# AGENDA: (1) Face to face meeting planning (The next face to face meeting will be in Austin, TX, USA, February 19-20, 2004) (2) Plan for publishing to TR in late January (3) Proposed changes to draft of the ATAG References to WCAG See below. 
(4) Review of Work items: (see below) - a new feature of this list are links to the most recent update messages. 
(5) Tim's draft plan to test for ATAG conformance (6) Other Technique Work Items (1) - Update techniques for guideline 1 (consider how 1.1 should be organized if either the IBM software guidelines or the ISO document are adopted, review the rest, asking what needs to be dropped or added?) = TIM LATEST: [...] (2) - Update techniques for guideline 2 (review all checkpoints, asking what needs to be dropped or added?) = LIDDY LATEST: (3) - Update techniques for guideline 3 (review reliance on WCAG numbering in 3.1, review the rest, asking what needs to be dropped or added?) = JAN LATEST: (4) - Update techniques for guideline 4 (add techniques for 4.2 (4.3, a.k.a 4.X still does not have success criteria yet), review 4.1 and 4.4, asking what needs to be dropped or added?) = GREG LATEST: [...] (5) - Take a wide of the document. 
Is it well structured? 
Is it easy to use? 
What is missing? 
= KAREN LATEST: [...] (6) - Update the references (Go through the document and adding or correcting references as necessary, update and repair the references page) = GREG LATEST: [...] (7) - Maintain the glossary (Ensure terms are up to date, keep synchronized with glossary in guidelines, both glossaries need to develop with an eye on other WAI and W3C glossaries) = KAREN LATEST: [...] Please send regrets or other agenda items to the list. 
Jan Richards, User Interface Design Specialist Adaptive Technology Resource Centre (ATRC), University of Toronto Web: http://ultrajuan.ic.utoronto.ca/jan/richards.html 
I can't make the meeting, but I would like to ask the working group to let me know of any involvement at CSUN this year. 
If you are making a presentation, staffing a booth, giving a tutorial, etc. about ATAG, authoring tools, or accessibility please let me know. 
For example, IBM Accessibility Center will have a booth in the Marriott (Phill Jenkins) Presentation: Lessons learned from making 25 million pages compliant (Matt King &amp; Phill Jenkins) more to come If you are just going to attend this year with no speaking assignments, let me know that as well. 
CSUN Conference page http://www.csun.edu/cod/conf/index.htm Regards, Phill Jenkins, IBM Accessibility Services Happy New Year everyone! 
Here is the location of the sandbox I set up: Keep http://www.mardahl.dk/atagsandbox/atag20techs/ 
in mind as a backup in case some of the links within the document fail. 
Uh, I had interesting experiences (read "nightmare") setting this up and pretty much started over. 
As I write this mail, there are very likely still some links that are messed up, and I have not had time yet to follow up and see if I have included all items from past discussions that have been agreed upon. 
If any, the material will match the current draft from October that is online. 
These addresses are correct at least. 
I am reconstructing as fast as I can! 
I thought other people's docs should be handy so... Libby's doc is at Tim's discussion of Guideline 1 and ISO16071 and IBM is at Remember there are 2 proposals from Tim. 
I was intending to incorporate them but got behind with my technical problems, and then figured we should/could just as well discuss the matters first anyway. 
Some comments on my tasks and thoughts about everything: I was looking at the overall structure and navigation and usability of the information itself in the ATAG-TECHs document. 
I wasn't quite sure of how to indicate what I had done, since some of my ideas were not exactly comments. 
I, like Liddy, used span tags with the class that makes them bold and red. 
I strongly advocate the use of double at-signs as we have been using - they are easy to find. 
I also suggest as I have done for my own comments, that we put initials at the beginning of the comments. 
I have something like @@KM: what about Wombat?@@ 
I thought about dates too, because I don't know how long some comments have been floating about without any agreement or decision being made. 
The initials tell you who made the comment in case there was a need for further explanation and discussion. 
Anyway, what I found hard to illustrate was the revamping I did of the overview (the first page of TECHS). 
For example: * I moved the TOC just after the Abstract. 
Provides orientation ASAP! * I removed the 8 examples of authoring tools because they are in the glossary. 
I felt they were a bit cumbersome on this page. 
The 2 notes at the bottom of the page were moved up to the Introduction because it seemed the kind of "what you should know before reading" type info. 
I made a link here to the Examples in the Glossary. 
* The status needed cleaning up - there were several duplicate paragraphs. 
* I changed "Techniques for Checkpoint n.n" to "Checkpoint n.n" - this was one example of a sense of unnecessary bulk that could be trimmed. 
It bothered me visually and I could imagine a screen reader driving someone crazy repeating the same phrase again and again! 
* I would really like to remove the Glossary text from the ATAG 2.0 guidelines themselves, but want approval first and the TECHs had first priority anyway. 
The setup would be just as with the overview doc (the first page of TECHS) - you get a link to Glossary and that is that. 
One place to maintain, instead of 2. I will carry out more of this type of trimming and rearranging throughout the document - all with the aim of improving the reading and understanding. 
I also want to do some final proofreading/editing once everyone's work is in. 
I would be happy to be one of the final proofreading/editing/get-it-on-the-web people! 
;-) I am not sure how to deal with the actual updating to W3.org of any material we complete. 
I assume that Matt and/or Jan have advice and can tell me what I should do with the files? 
That kind of discussion is perhaps more technical than necessary for this listserv so we can discuss it between the 3 of us? 
Talk to you all later tonight! 
regards, Karen Mardahl I will not be attending today's working group call as I'm in Vancouver giving a talk at the same time: promotes the principles we are working on in this group :-) Jan will be chairing the meeting. 
Jutta 
