<s> hi all, I'm going to be collaborating with Greg Elin (fotonotes) and others on a photos site drawing together depiction metadata for all the WWW conferences.  </s>
<s> We had a discussion today about it: Brian McBride suggested that we use this mailing list for discussions about this.  </s>
<s> It's not clear how much traffic this will create, but it is rather nicely related to the SWAD-E project and in particular, should generate some good FAQs (which we will need for our newsletter, to start in the new year).  </s>
<s> The idea of the project is to create a database of creative-commons licensed photos and metdata and create some interesting interfaces to it, to be usable by WWW2004 on May 2004.  </s>
<s> It's likely that we will use many vocabularies, including Dublin Core, FOAF, GEO, Wordnet and RDFiCal, and so hopefully we should be able to come up with some good documentation about how to combine these vocabularies.  </s>
<s> In addition, we will run into very real practical problems such as how to identify people and how to create user interfaces to this kind of RDF creation.  </s>
<s> I think it's a strong candidate for discussion here, not least because of the connections with the image workshop we held last year, but I'd like to have your opinions in case there's a better forum.  </s>
<s> Would it bother you guys if we used this list?  </s>
<s> cheers  </s>
<s> Libby  </s>
<s> It certainly wouldn't bother me :) and I'd be interested in helping in any way I can.  </s>
<s> eric miller http://www.w3.org/people/em/ semantic web activity lead http://www.w3.org/2001/sw/ w3c world wide web consortium http://www.w3.org/  </s>
<s> thanks Eric :) Does anyone violently object to us using it?  </s>
<s> now's the time to say... There's also a meeting about the project on IRC, irc.freenode.net  </s>
<s> #rdfig at 15:00 GMT today if anyone is interested.  </s>
<s> Libby  </s>
