<s> Can I have suggestions please for objectives and agenda items for the upcoming face to face meeting.  </s>
<s> Brian  </s>
<s> Here are some ideas:  </s>
<s> Agenda request: reification Any volunteers to come up with a pile of test cases that will help crystalize the issues?  </s>
<s> Agenda request: datatypes I think perhaps we can choose between TDL and S before the meeting, but there are zillions of little details to clean up, I think.  </s>
<s> What URI-names to use, how many, etc. whether this impacts xml:lang etc.  </s>
<s> Agenda request: collections (esp.  </s>
<s> entailment stuff around bags.  </s>
<s> I have an idea I haven't written up yet...)  </s>
<s> Agenda request: WebOnt update Maybe this should go on the Thursday RDF IG agenda in stead, but I'll give folks in this WG an opportunity to say "no, let's spend some of our meeting time on it."  </s>
<s> Objective: get to zero open issues on M&amp;S, i.e. on syntax and model theory.  </s>
<s> Issue a last-call on them ASAP after the meeting.  </s>
<s> Switch to debug-the-test-cases mode from then on.  </s>
<s> Objective: get to zero open issues on RDF schema.  </s>
<s> (are we there already?  </s>
<s> if not, what's left?  </s>
<s> if so, why haven't we done a last call?)  </s>
<s> [I suggest choosing one of the objectives above, not both.]  </s>
<s> Objective: paint a picture of the end game.  </s>
<s> What communities are critical to the consensus around our specs?  </s>
<s> Have we reached them?  </s>
<s> If not, what else do we need to do?  </s>
<s> Where can we reach them?  </s>
<s> What conferences/mailing-lists/publications/etc?  </s>
<s> Dan Connolly, W3C http://www.w3.org/People/Connolly/  </s>
<s> Dan Connolly said:  </s>
<s> Reordering DanC's objectives first:  </s>
<s> For syntax this requires the decisions in order to close the issues that I will note below.  </s>
<s> I'd hope to add more of an explanation section before Last Call WD for how the RDF/XML syntax works, including all features so that it wouldn't be necessary that you understood the grammar.  </s>
<s> If given one vote, I choose syntax :)  </s>
<s> Get our story clear for our users and we are not there yet for datatypes(literals), reification and are missing a crucial WD, the primer.  </s>
<s> From my experience in tracking what goes on with RDF ( http://ilrt.org/discovery/rdf/resources/ ) we are talking to the right communties but we need to keep them in the loop with updates in both directions.  </s>
<s> Critical: XML world, Dublin Core, deployed RDF users We particularly need to ensure we are addressing the communities our charter mentions: XML (&amp; XML Protocol) and Topic Maps.  </s>
<s> The WG membership does cover people in a range of other groups so some of this might be going on already.  </s>
<s> (although the *syntax* for what we currently call reification I doubt will change at all).  </s>
<s> flag this up directly in another message  </s>
<s> The MT urgently needs this - collections are deployed.  </s>
<s> -1 unless we have time Dave  </s>
<s> The recent posting on rdf-comment by Jeff Heflin on versioning of ontologies and class relations appears to be a non-trivial open issue for RDF Schema.  </s>
<s> Patrick  </s>
