<s> SWBPD WG 13 May 2004 [2]Agenda See also: [3]IRC log Attendees Present Nick Gibbins, Ralph Swick, Alistair Miles, David Norheim, Gary Ng, Jeremy Carroll, Evan Wallace, Natasha Noy, Alan Rector, Bernard Vatant Regrets Fabien Gandon, Libby Miller, Thomas Baker, Jacco van_Ossenbruggen, Jim Hendler, Deb McGuinness, Mike Uschold, Benjamin Nguyen, Aldo Gangemi Chair Ralph Scribe Ralph Contents * Topics 1. Action Item Review 2. Task Force reports * Summary of Action Items previous: [7]http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-swbp-wg/2004Apr/0170.html  </s>
<s> PROPOSED to accept 0170 RESOLVED Action Item review ACTION Ralph will list future dates and times for the telecons on the web site - done, through 24 June [8]http://www.w3.org/2001/sw/BestPractices/#Current ACTION Mike to post a proposal to the list on the syntax to use in notes and email done: [9]http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-swbp-wg/2004Apr/0197.html  </s>
<s> ACTION Guus to contribute a pattern on quantities for May 27th telecon continue ACTION Guus to contribute a pattern on qualified-cardinality restriction for May 27th telecon continue ACTION Deborah to write a pattern on closing roles by June 10th telecon continue ACTION Jeremey to check with Jos if he is participating in the XSCH TF done; Jos intends to participate ACTION Ralph to add completed and "under consideration" TFs to the description on the web page ([10]http://www.w3.org/2001/sw/BestPractices/#Tasks) continue ACTION Ralph to talk with the chair of the XML Schema WG to invite them to join the XSCH TF continue ACTION Ralph and Jeremy to update XSCH TF description Jeremy: there is an update but another update is needed continue ACTION Aldo to forward comments from the WN group to the list continue ACTION Aldo to review the progress in the WN TF at the next telecon (May 13th) done [11]http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-swbp-wg/2004Apr/0217.html  </s>
<s> ACTION Aldo to forward comments from the WN group to the list done ACTION Aldo to review the progress in the WN TF at the next telecon (May 13th) Ralph proposes this be withdrawn ACTION Aldo to discuss a plan for the May 27th discussion on WN at the next telecon (May 13th) Ralph proposes this be withdrawn ACTION Alistair, using the SKOS note as a strawman, to discuss how to adapt it to a WG note related: [12]http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-swbp-wg/2004Apr/0209.html continue Alistair: I reviewed some papers, will post a message in the next week.  </s>
<s> I expect to post a 2-part note: descriptions of schema and how to use it, and notes from Amsterdam groups ACTION DanBri to propose a short-term paln for the THES TF continue ACTION DanBri to give access to TF homepage to Alistair continue ACTION Guus read bernard's e-mail with draft TMAP msg continue ACTION Evan to report on the status of the UML profile for ontologies in June continue; won't be done until June ACTION Jim report back on short-term plan for World Task Force.  </s>
<s> done: [13]http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-swbp-wg/2004May/0057.html  </s>
<s> ACTION Libby and Brian propose repository for apps based on test-repository related: [14]http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-swbp-wg/2004May/0048.html continue ACTION Guus set up link from SWBP home to page to "tips and tricks" continue ACTION Aldo organize 30 min TF discussion on WNET for next telecon.  </s>
<s> done: [15]http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-swbp-wg/2004May/0075.html  </s>
<s> Task Force reports OEP - Ontology Engineering and Patterns Natasha: close-to-final draft of classes-as-values posted yesterday ... n-ary relations draft is under discussion, will probably be revised next week Jeremy: felt that the proposed publication was a little premature, but also value in publishing early and often ...haven't yet reached consensus on n-ary draft ...would like first publication to give an explicit view to a second publication ...level of consensus ought to be documented, but does not have to be complete Bernard: concerning public review, can we include testimonials or other real-world comments about applications?  </s>
<s> ...I have two real-world applications where classes as values are critical ACTION: Ralph provide W3C style pointers to Natasha THES - Porting Thesaurii to RDF and OWL (no representative) WordNET (no representative) WRLD - World View Jeremy: I will get an HP response to Jim's message ...HP is still considering this issue DavidN: at the moment I sort-of agree with Jim, but it is important that WRLD get going at some point XSCH - XML Schema Datatypes Jeremy: since last meeting we have a fairly good membership from the WG ...Pat Hayes and Jos are intending to participate ...interaction with the XML Schema WG is main issue [Ralph confesses to fumbling that ball] next meeting: 27 May, 1800Z adjourned Summary of Action Items [NEW] ACTION: Ralph provide W3C style pointers to Natasha Minutes formatted by David Booth's [16]scribe.perl 1.76 ([17]CVS log) $Date: 2004/04/28 22:00:42 $ References 2. http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-swbp-wg/2004May/0063.html 3. http://www.w3.org/2004/05/13-swbp-irc 7. http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-swbp-wg/2004Apr/0170.html 8. http://www.w3.org/2001/sw/BestPractices/#Current 9. http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-swbp-wg/2004Apr/0197.html 10. http://www.w3.org/2001/sw/BestPractices/#Tasks 11.  </s>
<s> http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-swbp-wg/2004Apr/0217.html 12. http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-swbp-wg/2004Apr/0209.html 13. http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-swbp-wg/2004May/0057.html 14. http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-swbp-wg/2004May/0048.html 15. http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-swbp-wg/2004May/0075.html 16. http://dev.w3.org/cvsweb/~checkout~/2002/scribe/scribe.perl 17. http://dev.w3.org/cvsweb/2002/scribe/scribe.perl  </s>
<s> Please may I note a minor oversight.  </s>
<s> I had sent regrets Brian  </s>
<s> Same minor oversight - I had sent regrets Jos De Roo, AGFA http://www.agfa.com/w3c/jdroo/  </s>
<s> "McBride, Brian" brian.mcbride@hp.com  </s>
<s> Sent by: public-swbp-wg-request@w3.org 17/05/2004 09:54 Subject: RE: meeting record: 2004-05-13 SWBPD Telecon Please may I note a minor oversight.  </s>
<s> I had sent regrets Brian  </s>
