<s> We're a go to meet by teleconference tomorrow, January 8, from 15:00 to 16:30 UTC (10:00am to 11:30am US Eastern/7:00am to 8:30am US Pacific).  </s>
<s> The conference information is: Passcode 9224  </s>
<s> This meeting will be to discuss the Techniques requirements draft that was sent around on January 2. Mainly I expect we will raise issues, some of which has already been done on the list.  </s>
<s> We may be able to resolve some issues as well, but more importantly I'd like us to arrive at changes to the  </s>
<s> document we'd like to see (including logging issues as open) before posting  </s>
<s> it as a public draft.  </s>
<s> There may be issues of process for us to discuss, some  </s>
<s> of which we can discuss in this call and some of which may need to defer to  </s>
<s> a whole-group call.  </s>
<s> Michael Michael Cooper Accessibility Project Manager Watchfire 1 Hines Rd Kanata, ON K2K 3C7 Canada  </s>
<s> the  </s>
<s> posting  </s>
<s> some  </s>
<s> to  </s>
<s> Is possible to use also IRC channel?  </s>
<s> Roberto Scano IWA/HWG EMEA Coordinator W3C Advisory Committee Representative for IWA/HWG International Webmasters Association / HTML Writers Guild E-Mail: emea@iwanet.org - w3c-rep@iwanet.org  </s>
<s> This email is not an offer to do business, but is only a discussion.  </s>
<s> All agreements with IWA must be in writing and acknowledged by IWA International management.  </s>
<s> I will not be able to attend this morning's meeting.  </s>
<s> Apologies.  </s>
<s> regards, ken  </s>
<s> the  </s>
<s> posting  </s>
<s> some  </s>
<s> to  </s>
<s> Sorry for yesterday... i hadn't have possibility to partecipate :(  </s>
