Semantic Web Best Practives and Deployment WG telecon, 27 May 2004 1800 UTC New Action Summary ACTION: Ralph add to the WG home page a note informing the public that they are free to write to the WG mailing list and to use the string "comment:" in their subject ACTION: bwm Propose ammendments to the classes as values note. 
ACTION: Ralph get advice on using WG Note vs. Working Draft for early SWBPD documents. 
ACTION: guus to provide description of process for publishing notes ACTION: ralph remind TF leaders they can use intermediate weeks, between WG telecons, for TF telecons. 
ACTION: guus to discuss with Jim Hendler how to push this forward. 
ACTION Aldo Prepare summary of Wordnet proposal document, and send to Christiane after review by the WG. Decision Summary Non WG members should post comments to the main WG list Agenda: http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-swbp-wg/2004May/0131.html 
Present: Pat Hayes, Brian_McBride (scribe), Ralph Swick (team contact), Guus_Schreiber(chair), Dan Brickley, Libby Miller, Natasha Noy, Jen Golbeck, [Sophia], Fabien Gandon, Evan Wallace, Aldo Gangemi, Jeremy Carroll (part time), Christiane Fellbaum (part time) 1. ADMINISTRIVIA (10 min) Role call Present: Pat Hayes, Brian_McBride (scribe), Ralph Swick (team contact), Guus_Schreiber(chair), Dan Brickley, Libby Miller, Natasha Noy, Jen Golbeck, Fabien Gandon, Evan Wallace, Aldo Gangemi, Jeremy Carroll (part time), Regrets: Alan Rector, Deborah McGuinness, Jos De Roo, Gary Ng, Bernard Vatant, Tom Baker, Marco Nanni, Aditya Kalyanpur, Nick Gibbins, Jacco Ossenbruggen PROPOSED to accept the minutes of the May 13 telecon: Seconded Pat Hayes SO RESOLVED Next telecon: June 10, 1400 UTC Dan Brickley to scribe Agenda amendments None proposed. 
Medium for public comments on SWBPD: Agreed to begin using a single list and allowing non WG members to post comments to it. 
ACTION: Ralph add to the WG home page a note informing the public that they are free to write to the WG mailing list and to use the string "comment:" in their subject 2 ACTION ITEM REVIEW( 10 min) ACTION Guus to contribute a pattern on quantities for May 27th telecon Continued ACTION Guus to contribute a pattern on qualified-cardinality restriction for May 27th telecon Done ACTION Deborah to write a pattern on closing roles by June 10th telecon Continued ACTION Ralph to add completed and "under consideration" TFs to the description on the web page http://www.w3.org/2001/sw/BestPractices/#Tasks Continued. 
Expect to complete as soon as publishing problem is fixed. 
ACTION Ralph to talk with the chair of the XML Schema WG to invite them to join the XSCH TF Started, but we missed the XML Schema f2f. 
Continued. 
ACTION Ralph and Jeremy to update XSCH TF description Continue ACTION Alistair, using the SKOS note as a strawman, to discuss how to adapt it to a WG note Continued ACTION DanBri to propose a short-term plan for the THES TF Continue ACTION DanBri to give access to TF homepage to Alistair Done. 
Request made to systeam. 
ACTION Guus read bernard's e-mail with draft TMAP msg Continue. 
Guus to complete within one week. 
ACTION Evan to report on the status of the UML profile for ontologies in June Continue. 
ACTION Libby propose repository for apps based on test-repository Done. 
ACTION Guus set up link from SWBP home to page to "tips and tricks" Continue. 
ACTION: Ralph provide W3C style pointers to Natasha Done. 3. TASK FORCES (30-45 min) The chair comments that there were 16 people present at the informal WG dinner in Crete. 
He noted that this WG has the difficulty that there is much interest in the product of the WG, but that it is hard to get the reources to do the work. 
We must take steps to manage expectations and to try to get some first results out before the summer. 
TF leaders to give status update plus point to discussion items, if any 3.1 OEP - Ontology Engineering and Patterns Coordinator: Deb McGuinness, Mike Uschold Current (draft) notes: 1. classes as values Describing this document as near final stimulated many comments. 
Natasha feels it needs at least one more iteration. 
Brian expressed concern that the scope of the document is too narrow. 
Natasha did not see what more could be said and invited Brian to edit the document to illustrate what he means. 
ACTION: bwm Propose ammendments to the classes as values note. 
2. n-ary relations Waiting to coordinate with Alan. 
Plan to have new draft by next telecon. 
The new draft will not be Owl specific, but there may be unresolved issues. 
3. qualified cardinality restrictions May reprioritise this as it is owl specific. 
The chair is hoping to publish all three of these before the summer. 
Brian asked about the publication process. 
He wanted to be sure there was appropriate scope for public comment before the WG considers a document done. 
Specifically, is the WG going to publish Working Drafts. 
Concern was raised about the process implications with respect to IP of publishing WDs. 
Concern was raised that the process document says that publishing a Working Group note indicates that work on a topic has ended. 
ACTION: Ralph get advice on using WG Note vs. Working Draft for early SWBPD documents ACTION: ralph to discuss publication process with process experts. 
ACTION: guus to provide description of process for publishing notes 3.3. 
THES - Porting Thesaurii to RDF and OWL Coordinator: Dan Brickley Continue with current action. 
3.3 WRLD - World View Coordinator: Jim Hendler Short-term plan: ACTION: ralph remind TF leaders they can use intermediate weeks, between WG telecons, for TF telecons. 
ACTION: guus to discuss with Jim Hendler how to push this forward. 
3.4 XSCH - XML Schema Datatypes Coordinator: Jeremy Carroll &amp; (open - XML Schema WG) Liaison with XML Schema: Not discussed in Jeremy's absence. 
3.5 ADTF - Applications and Demos Coordinator (for the moment): Libby Miller TF description: The aim of this task force has changed to creating a list of demos and applications. 
Libby has proposed a template for describing them. 
ACTION libby update task force description ACTION libby complete template for applications from the 2003 SW challenge ACTION guus complete template for Finish museums example ACTION danbri complete template for FOAF ACTION ralph complete template for Annotea ACTION libby complete template for web conference photo applications DECISION: Use the SWAD-E weblog for capturing these. 
There was discussion of simple developers tools, e.g. the 10 line perl script to extract XMP data from Adobe documents. 
4. WORDNET TASK FORCE [Christiane Fellbaum expected to join the discussion] Issues to discuss: Christiane introduced herself as working on Wordnet, an author of a book on Wordnet and interested in spreading the use of Wordnet. 
She stated that Wordnet is really a lexicon and she is interested in mapping it to an ontology and thus she is sympathetic to our request. 
However she has also been contacted by Adam Pease and is wondering if we are competing. 
[Adam Pease chaired IJCAI-2001 Workshop on the IEEE Standard Upper Ontology , per http://home.earthlink.net/~adampease/professional/ 
] Guus responded that the rationale for this task force is that there are several different translations of Wordnet to semantic web languages and it would promote interoperability and use of Wordnet to agree on one representation using one namespace. 
Thus we are not competing with Adam. 
Guus explained that we are proposing two steps. 
The first step, the low hanging fruit, is create a direct translation of Wordnet in a semantic web language. 
The second step, which is not yet ready for standardization given there is no consensus on how to do it, is how to relate Wordnet to an ontology. 
However we can facilitate this research if it can be based on a common encoding of Wordnet in a semantic web language. 
Christiane agreed that we are not yet ready to standardize the mapping to an ontology and with the split into two phases, doing the first one first. 
Guus suggested that if we can agree on a namespace and on an encoding then the working group will provide the tools to do the translation from the prolog form of Wordnet to RDF. Guus requested that the translation be shipped as part of the standard wordnet distribution. 
Christiane, whilst emphasizing that she has not resources, agreed that the Wordnet group would help with reviewing the proposed translation and advising on solutions to technical issues. 
She also agreed that the Wordnet team maintain Wordnet and this might be shipped in the next version. 
There was some dicussion of ongoing maintenance that didn't reach a firm conclusion. 
Christiane asked if there were commercial aspects to this work, and Guus replied that this is the product of a W3C working group, working in public, so not directly. 
Christiane stated she was sympathetic to the proposal and requested the WG provide a document summarizing the proposal she could use to discuss with her colleagues. 
Aldo agreed to produce this document. 
It was agreed it would be reviewed by the WG before being sent to Christiane. 
Guus emphasized the internationalization aspects of the encoding. 
ACTION Aldo Prepare summary of Wordnet proposal document, and send to Christiane after review by the WG. Danbri thanked Christiane for Wordnet which he described as a great resource he has been using for 5 years and asked about future plans for Wordnet. 
Christiane replied that it is largely stable, though still changing, it will change more slowly. 
Asked about proposals to change the upper level structure, Christiane replied that the Wordnet team were not always aware of such proposals. 
Meeting Adjourned 5. AOB Free University Amsterdam, Computer Science De Boelelaan 1081a, 1081 HV Amsterdam, The Netherlands E-mail: schreiber@cs.vu.nl 
Home page: http://www.cs.vu.nl/~guus/ 
I missed a bunch of actions from the new action summary ACTION libby update task force description ACTION libby complete template for applications from the 2003 SW challenge ACTION guus complete template for Finish museums example ACTION danbri complete template for FOAF ACTION ralph complete template for Annotea ACTION libby complete template for web conference photo applications Thanks Danbri for picking this up. 
Brian 5. AOB Free University Amsterdam, Computer Science De Boelelaan 1081a, 1081 HV Amsterdam, The Netherlands E-mail: schreiber@cs.vu.nl 
Home page: http://www.cs.vu.nl/~guus/ 
I am not sure if this is should be an ammedment to the minutes, but in our discussion of current OEP notes yesterday, we missed Alan's note on patterns for creating Lists of Values in OWL: Natasha 5. AOB Free University Amsterdam, Computer Science De Boelelaan 1081a, 1081 HV Amsterdam, The Netherlands E-mail: schreiber@cs.vu.nl 
Home page: http://www.cs.vu.nl/~guus/ 
