<s> Hi. I'm delayed in getting last friday's minutes done.  </s>
<s> I hope to get to them by tonight.  </s>
<s> Stopgap, the raw transcript is  </s>
<s> resolved, including that our next meeting is 30th January (ie.  </s>
<s> next week not this friday).  </s>
<s> RESOLVED: these are true record of 12 dec meeting (actions therein are all done) 9: Proposed minor Changes to Primer Document bwm: so proposal is, per the agenda w/ the ammendement in 0067.html  </s>
<s> above (dropping change 3) RESOLVED: per the agenda w/ the ammendement in 0067.html  </s>
<s> above (dropping change 3) RESOLVED: to propose to the Director that we make the changes to the Semantics doc outlined in today's agenda.  </s>
<s> RESOLVED: next meeting on 30th  </s>
<s> Hi Danbri, I guess you were disappointed not to get to them in the evening as you hoped.  </s>
<s> Do you intend to complete this and if so when.  </s>
<s> Brian  </s>
<s> Attached.  </s>
<s> I neglected to mention that if I didn't get this done last  </s>
<s> for last weds, it was likely they'd wait until now (hence the stopgap action/resolution list).  </s>
<s> --danbri * Dan Brickley danbri@w3.org  </s>
<s> [2004-01-21 08:32-0500]  </s>
<s> OK by me.  </s>
<s> It seems to record all the critical info about the meeting (decisions, actions, attendance) as well as some discussion notes in a way that's consistent with my memory of the meeting.  </s>
<s> Dan Connolly, W3C http://www.w3.org/People/Connolly/  </s>
<s> I am going on holiday just as the telecon starts!  </s>
<s> Jeremy  </s>
<s> Minutes OK. Pat IHMC(850)434 8903 or (650)494 3973 home 40 South Alcaniz St.(850)202 4416 office FL 32501(850)291 0667 cell phayes@ihmc.us  </s>
<s> http://www.ihmc.us/users/phayes  </s>
<s> The minutes in having two positive reviews and no objections, are approved.  </s>
<s> Brian  </s>
<s> things were  </s>
