<s> We will be holding a teleconference on Monday at noon.  </s>
<s> The number is: Conference number: 2894 I will be on a train to Ottawa and will be joining via on-board phone.  </s>
<s> In case I can't pull this off, Jan will chair on my behalf.  </s>
<s> Below is the agenda.  </s>
<s> Talk to you on Monday.  </s>
<s> Jutta Agenda: 1. Review Conformance Evaluation Page revisions and complete outlining process for Developer reviewers and public reviews.  </s>
<s> Review process for crossreferencing, conflicting reviews, updates, timelines for comments etc. 2. Proposed revision of ATAG prompting techniques: 3. Other business Talk to you on Monday Jutta  </s>
<s> I'm sorry - like Jutta I was on a train but I couldn't find a phone on my train.  </s>
<s> I worked on the appendix for prompts and my suggestions are attached - mostly little things but it is tricky stuff and so I think getting it very clear and simple is important.  </s>
<s> The content and ideas seem fine to me.  </s>
<s> Liddy  </s>
<s> Thanks Liddy, I have put up a new version of the Appendix at: New things: -Changes from the meeting (including Carlos's idea to remove grouping of prompts) -Liddy's changes.  </s>
<s> -New screenshot for how the real-time prompting of a secondary author might look.  </s>
<s> Thoughts?  </s>
<s> Cheers, Jan PS: I hope to have the new tools pages up tomorrow.  </s>
<s> Jan Richards UI Design Specialist Adaptive Technology Resource Centre (ATRC) University of Toronto jan.richards@utoronto.ca  </s>
