<s> I am sorry this is so late.  </s>
<s> I forgot!  </s>
<s> (We might need to delay approval until next week).  </s>
<s> BRIAN, PAT: note action 19,20,21 (yours and mine) below which Jema lost.  </s>
<s> Decision 6 was not scribed correctly, and hence not in Jema Agenda: IRC Log: Jema action/decision summary: Scribe: Jeremy Carroll Executive Summary: Decisions: 1: Triples should be represented using correct n-triples 2: close rdfs-online-char-encoding 3: rdfs-container-membership-superProperty: there will be one 4: rdfs-constraining-containers is out-of-scope and closed 5: rdfs-subClassOf-a-Property, legal, in MT, closed.  </s>
<s> 6: Do not publish Datatyping WD at this time.  </s>
<s> Jema noted the following actions during RDFCore WG Telecon 2002-04-19 2002-04-19#1: frankm sync up with eric concerning primer 2002-04-19#2: danb review primer, specifically schema stuff 2002-04-19#3: martyn review current primer 2002-04-19#4: pat provide MT WD for wg review 2002-04-19#5: jang review schema WD 2002-04-19#6: aaron review schema WD 2002-04-19#7: frank review schema WD 2002-04-19#8: jos review schema WD 2002-04-19#9: danb make schema WD available on Monday 2002-04-19#10: jan have test cases WD to review for Monday 2002-04-19#11: jeremy review test cases WD 2002-04-19#12: jos review test cases WD 2002-04-19#13: bwm propose how we move forward with datatyping 2002-04-19#14: danc do entailement test case for container with  </s>
<s> rdfs:contains  </s>
<s> 2002-04-19#15: danbri propose name for container-membership-superProperty 2002-04-19#16: danbri review effect _NNN-superProperty on primer 2002-04-19#17: pat respond helpfully to rdfs-subClassOf-a-Property raiser 2002-04-19#18: jan produce test case for rdfs-subClassOf-a-Property  </s>
<s> The following actions were lost by Jema, but still in IRC log.  </s>
<s> 2002-04-19#19: brian accept chance to review charmod 2002-04-19#20: jjc review charmod by 31st May 2002-04-19#21: path review charmod by 31st May  </s>
<s> (Exact wording of decisions:  </s>
<s> 1: Triples should be represented using correct n-triples 2: close rdfs-online-char-encoding 3: resolve that there will be common superproperty 4: agreed propsoal in agenda 15 5: agree resolution in agenda item 16  </s>
<s> DETAIL * 1: Allocate scribe jjc (first bit gk) * 2: Roll Call Present: Martin Horner Frank Manola Aaron Swartz Patrick Stickler Jos De Roo Graham Klyne Dan Connolly Jan Grant Ron Daniel Brian McBride Jeremy Carroll Regrets: Steve Petschulat Dave Beckett Mike Dean Eric Miller * 3: Introduce Observers HP Observers: - Andy Seaborne and three students: Alex, Olu, Tim.  </s>
<s> * 4: Review Agenda * 5: Next telecon 10am Boston time, 26 Apr 2002 * 6: Review Minutes of 2002-04-12 * See: * http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/w3c-rdfcore-wg/2002Apr/0166.html  </s>
<s> Approved after brief discussion.  </s>
<s> * 7: Confirm Status of Completed Actions Confirmed: ACTION: 2002-04-05#4 Brian sort out who will write text for updating test cases wd ACTION: 2002-04-12#5 aaron write up datatyping use-case for Dublin Core see: ACTION: 2002-04-12#7 jjc post message to rdfcore with motivating example for dark triples?  </s>
<s> see: * 8: outstanding issues (See agenda for list) * 9: Review of CharMod last call #2 2002-04-19#19: brian accept chance to review charmod 2002-04-19#20: jjc review charmod by 31st May  </s>
<s> 2002-04-19#21: path review charmod by 31st May  </s>
<s> Strong preference for review to be significantly earlier.  </s>
<s> * 10: Schedule and document status  </s>
<s> * Primer  </s>
<s> 2002-04-19#1: frankm sync up with eric concerning primer 2002-04-19#2: danb review primer, specifically schema stuff 2002-04-19#3: martyn review current primer  </s>
<s> Generally favourable comments have been made.  </s>
<s> * Syntax No discussion.  </s>
<s> * Model Theory  </s>
<s> 2002-04-19#4: pat provide MT WD for wg review  </s>
<s> By 26th April?  </s>
<s> The next WD should be the one before last call.  </s>
<s> * Schema  </s>
<s> 2002-04-19#5: jang review schema WD 2002-04-19#6: aaron review schema WD 2002-04-19#7: frank review schema WD 2002-04-19#8: jos review schema WD 2002-04-19#9: danb make schema WD available on Monday  </s>
<s> Last call schedule unclear.  </s>
<s> Friday 26th is last date for us to approve WD before publishing moratorium in May.  </s>
<s> * Test cases  </s>
<s> 2002-04-19#10: jan have test cases WD to review for Monday 2002-04-19#11: jeremy review test cases WD 2002-04-19#12: jos review test cases WD  </s>
<s> * F2F in June: * Does the WG believe it would be good to meet, Yes it does.  </s>
<s> * 11: How to represent triples in documents.  </s>
<s> DECISION 1: Triples should be represented using correct n-triples.  </s>
<s> * 12: Datatyping WD * Is this document ready for first publication?  </s>
<s> Are the editors agreed?  </s>
<s> The editors are not agreed.  </s>
<s> DECISION 6: Do not publish Datatyping WD at this time.  </s>
<s> 2002-04-19#13: bwm propose how we move forward with datatyping  </s>
<s> * 13: Issue: rdfs-online-char-encoding * Propose: * o action Eric to update the schema file with the appropriate character encoding declaration * o close this issue Hasty looking at file.  </s>
<s> It seems to be OK. DECISION 2: Close rdfs-online-char-encoding. * 14: Issue: rdfs-container-membership-superProperty DECISION 3: rdfs-container-membership-superProperty: there will be one.  </s>
<s> Discussion included: - entailment works one but not the other.  </s>
<s> 2002-04-19#14: danc do entailement test case for container with  </s>
<s> rdfs:contains - rdf:member or rdf:contains  </s>
<s> 2002-04-19#15: danbri propose name for container-membership-superProperty 2002-04-19#16: danbri review effect _NNN-superProperty on primer  </s>
<s> * 15: Issue: rdfs-constraining-containers Propose: o the WG resolves that expressing such a constraint is beyond the scope of RDFS.  </s>
<s> Such functionality belongs with more powerful ontology languages such as daml+oil and owl.  </s>
<s> o The WG notes that DAML+OIL can express this constraint as described in: o The WG closes this issue DECISION 4: proposal agreed.  </s>
<s> 16: Issue: rdfs-subClassOf-a-Property Propose the WG resolves: o an instance of the Property class may have an rdfs:subClassOf property o the meaning of such a property is defined by the model theory o this issue be closed DECISION 5: proposal agreed.  </s>
<s> Discussion that resolution is unhelpful.  </s>
<s> 2002-04-19#17: pat respond helpfully to rdfs-subClassOf-a-Property raiser 2002-04-19#18: jan produce test case for rdfs-subClassOf-a-Property  </s>
<s> * 17: daml:collection Small amount of discussion but time runs out.  </s>
<s> Meeting adjourned.  </s>
<s> * 18: Issue: rdf-charmod-resources Not reached.  </s>
<s> * 19: Suggest after hours discussion of dark triples Suggestion was followed (profitably!).  </s>
<s> Bad girl.  </s>
<s> I'll spank her.  </s>
<s> As I recall, we discussed ensuring the WG could approve comments and get them back in time.  </s>
<s> I have recorded these action as: review charmod in time to get WG comments to charmod by 31st May Brian  </s>
<s> 2002-04-19#1: frankm sync up with eric concerning primer 2002-04-19#2: danb review primer, specifically schema stuff 2002-04-19#3: martyn review current primer  </s>
<s> Just for the record: I sent Frank my comments on sections 1-3.  </s>
<s> Still favourable... DanBri, I'll skip section 4 (Schema) in favour of spending my limited time on section 5 etc if you want to concentrate on that.  </s>
<s> Martyn Horner martyn.horner@profium.com  </s>
<s> Profium, Les Espaces de Sophia, Immeuble Delta, B.P. 037, F-06901 Sophia-Antipolis, France Mob.  </s>
<s> +33 (0)6.21.01.54.56 Internet: http://www.profium.com  </s>
<s> Well, Ive READ it.  </s>
<s> It looks fine to me (most impressive).  </s>
<s> However I also do not think that my opinion is worth much.  </s>
<s> So: no problems, but no expectation that someone else will find none.  </s>
<s> Pat IHMC(850)434 8903 home 40 South Alcaniz St.(850)202 4416 office phayes@ai.uwf.edu  </s>
<s> Sorry Pat you jumped too soon.  </s>
<s> The version to review isn't published yet.  </s>
<s> I'll do a more detailed analysis and try and point to changes from the current draft.  </s>
<s> My comments on the current draft would be something like: - string stuff has been helpful - RDF Core is instance of application of [S] part of charmod that may help in move from CR to PR - IRI stuff unhelpful, because of lack of consensus around IRI draft - Exit criteria for CR need to include sufficiently numerous normalizing transcoders.  </s>
<s> (More so than usual given the wide applicability of the requirement).  </s>
<s> I will write something fuller when I have seen the last call WD. Jeremy  </s>
<s> From: w3c-rdfcore-wg-request@w3.org [mailto:w3c-rdfcore-wg-request@w3.org]On  </s>
<s> Behalf Of Pat Hayes Sent: 25 April 2002 15:44 Subject: Re: Minutes 2002-04-09  </s>
