Time: 10:00:00 Fri Mar 14 2003 in America/New York duration 120 minutes which is equivalent to 15:00:00 Fri Mar 14 2003 in Europe/London irc: irc.w3.org #rdfcore 1: Volunteer Scribe 2: Roll Call 3: Review Agenda 4: Next telecon 21 Mar 2003 1100 Boston Time We have a telecon scheduled for 18 Mar 2003, but: o I have another meeting I have to attend at that time o Turnout at this weeks extra telecon was poor o my request for another chair has met with no response I propose therefore to cancel the extra telecon next Tuesday. 
Volunteer Scribe 5: Minutes of 28 Feb 2003 telecon See: 6: Minutes of 11 Mar 2003 telecon See: 7: Confirm Status of Completed Actions ACTION: 2002-11-01#16 danbri team contact for publishinging LBase note ACTION: 2003-02-14#3 em set up a discussion between RDFCore and(x)HTML, with the objective to understand each other on the subject of RDF in HTML ACTION: 2003-02-28#1 em schedule tuesday teleconference for rdfcore (11th and 18th) 
ACTION: 2002-02-28#2 gk respond to Vassillis see: 
ACTION: 2002-02-28#3 bwm help respond to Karsten(sp?) question wrt collections see: see: see: ACTION: 2002-02-28#4 gk follow up on the concepts implication on pfps-15 see: ACTION: 2003-02-28#6 gk review concepts for use of term [[namespace]] see: see: ACTION: 2003-02-28#7 daveB review syntax for use of term [[namespace]] see: see: ACTION: 2003-02-28#8 danbri review schema for use of term [[namespace]] see: see: ACTION: 2003-02-28#9 bwm with patH review semantics for use of term [[namespace]] see: ACTION: 2002-02-28#11 danc danc to convey resolution of danc-01 issue to PatH see: see: ACTION: 2003-03-11#1 jjc Make a proposal that abstract syntax contains canonicalized XML with comments see: ACTION: 2003-03-11#15 bwm Re-post boilerplate for response to comments see: ACTION: 2003-03-11#3 bwm Move issue rdfms-assertion to postponed see: 8: XML Schema 1.1 Requirements 2003-02-14#1 daveB respond immediately to XML Schema 1.1 with a date for 
we'll get back to you" 
2003-02-14#2 daveB liase with jjc to work up a response on the XML Schema 1.1 requirements 
See: 9: Status on Incoming Last Call Comments Editors please note the editorial comments from the xml schema WG. 
These have not been recorded in the comments list as they can presumably be dealt with at editors discretion. 
Otherwise, is the LCC comments list uptodate? 
VDL (aka schema)? 
See: 10: Issue pfps-17,18,19,20,21 ... and similar 17 is dealt with: and pfps has indicated that the resolution is satisfactory and for the other docs. 
Propose: o throughout the docs - the term [xml namespace] be used to refer to xml namespaces - the term [vocabulary] be used to refer to collections of names (RDF URI References] o the editors update their docs accordingly o bwm responds to pfps for all these issues 11: Issues macgregor-01, macgregor-02 These are now moot as indicated by suggested by jjc in Propose these are closed on the grounds the offending text has been removed. 
See: 12: Issues reagle-01, reagle-02 Proposal from Jeremy: See: 13: Issue williams-01 Graham's proposal: See: 14: Issue pfps-03 Pat's message: See: 15: Issue pfps-04,pfps-05,pfps-06,pfps-07,pfps-10 Pat's message: Propose: Accept these comments and refer pfps to the updated editors draft. 
Note: I intend to have a category of pending responses where a commentor reserves judgement on the resolution of a comment. 
See: 16: Issue pfps-08 Pat's message: See: 17: Issue qu-01 Propose: Reject: When we discussed this we decided to allow rdf:_nnn to be applied to resources other than containers, noting that the original schema WG had omitted such a constraint. 
See: 18: Issue qu-02 Jeremy's Proposal: See: 19: Issue xmlsch-08 
Dave's Proposal: [[Summary: closed. 
explanation, no action]] i.e. we respond agreeing that there are good reasons why its different, indicating sensitivity to possible confusion and indicating the steps we have taken to minimise such confusion. 
See: 20: Issue xmlsch-09 Dave's Proposal: [[Summary: closed. 
explanation, no action]] Jeremy's Followup: [[ wouldn't be surprised if the text could do with editorial polish on this point.]] 
See: 21: Issue xmlsch-10 Dave's Proposal: [[closed. 
we don't have to do this, out of charter ??]] Jeremy's Followup: See: 22: Issue xmlsch-11 Dave's Proposal: [[closed. 
explanation, no changes]] Jeremy's Followup: See: 23: Issue xmlsch-12 Dave's Proposal: Jeremy's Followup: See: 24: Issue horrocks-01 See: See: This agenda was produced by Jema, the Jena WG assistant, running on Jena 2 
Brian, don't we *need* an agendum to ratify the last meeting's decisions, in light of the query-quorum discussion, per: 
Maybe you intended this to be item 6, but I suggest an indication that decisions are to be ratified is included; i.e. that this is not just a cursory confirmation of reasonable accuracy (or not) of the minutes. 
#g 
we'll get back to you" 
Graham Klyne PGP: 0FAA 69FF C083 000B A2E9 A131 01B9 1C7A DBCA CB5E 
No. Tuesdays meeting was a formal meeting of the WG, agreed well in advance and properly consituted. 
In recognition of the low turnout, we decided that we would hold off sending out announcements of decisions reached to allow time for those not present to comment should they choose to do so. 
No formal ratification is necessary. 
Brian 
Brian, I should probably have mentioned this in the telecon, but was lost in a web of pointers. 
The actual action was: 
ACTION: Gk to help respond to Vassillis's comments on datatypes (context: http://www.w3.org/2003/02/28-rdfcore-irc#T15-48-40) 
I mention this because I did not myself respond to Vassilli, and this note in the agenda may lead readers to assume he has received a response. 
#g Graham Klyne PGP: 0FAA 69FF C083 000B A2E9 A131 01B9 1C7A DBCA CB5E 
