<s> Document Object Model (DOM) Level 3 Core Specification Version 1.0 W3C Working Draft 26 January 2001 Section 1.2.  </s>
<s> DOM Level 3 Java Binding Extension defines DOMImplementationFactory source code.  </s>
<s> However that code is not repeated in Appendix B: Java Language Binding More importantly, it is missing from the code distribution  </s>
<s> Is there an official version of DOMImplementationFactory available?  </s>
<s> Or might the explanatory example be intentionally omitted from the java bindings?  </s>
<s> Since the DOMImplementationFactory class is abstract, presumably defining it as part of the org.w3c.dom package (Core) is not a cause for collision with actual DOM implementations.  </s>
<s> FWIW, example source code is attached.  </s>
<s> It also inserts pertinent working- draft prose as Javadoc into the section 1.2 source code.  </s>
<s> It compiles OK.  </s>
<s> If accepted, a reverse Javadoc link back (@see DOMImplementationFactory) and corresponding explanatory javadoc prose ought to be also added to DOMImplementation.  </s>
<s> all the best, Don Don Brutzman Naval Postgraduate School, Code UW/Br Root 200 work 831.656.2149  </s>
<s> Virtual worlds/underwater robots/Internet http://web.nps.navy.mil/~brutzman  </s>
<s> Yes and I still have an action item to fix it.  </s>
<s> Given that this part is completely unstable, I'm waiting to have a stable proposal for bootstrapping before doing it.  </s>
<s> Bootstrapping in Core was discussed yesterday and was changed in the internal XML sources of the DOM spec for the upcoming meeting of the WG.  </s>
<s> We should publish this new version a few weeks after the meeting.  </s>
<s> The new version is a different approach of the current one since we included the requirements for Embedded DOM implementations.  </s>
<s> Note also that DOM Level 3 Core does not include DOM Level 2 Core interfaces yet, so the idl and Java sources can't be compiled yet.  </s>
<s> It won't be fixed in the next version I guess but will definitively be after that.  </s>
<s> I'll point the editor of the Core module to your proposal and see what could be reused in the new version, Bests regards, Philippe  </s>
<s> For those of us who aren't members of the W3C, could you let us know when the WG meeting will be?  </s>
<s> I don't see that information listed at  </s>
<s> Thanks! -Fred Fred L. Drake, Jr. fdrake at acm.org PythonLabs at Digital Creations  </s>
<s> Next week.  </s>
<s> I'm still working on collecting the issues from the mailing lists.  </s>
<s> The editors will need time after that to integrate the decisions.  </s>
<s> The upcoming WWW10 teleconference will also slow down a bit the publication pipe.  </s>
<s> FYI, updates on Requirements and Content Models and Load/Save are scheduled for today.  </s>
<s> Load/Save will not include your feedback but the next one will.  </s>
<s> Philippe  </s>
<s> Next week.  </s>
<s> FWIW, the DOM's "face-to-face" meetings occur roughly every other month, with a lot of e-mail and teleconferences between them.  </s>
<s> Joe Kesselman / IBM Research  </s>
