<s> Hello, I'll be chairing this week's UAGL teleconference since Jon is on vacation.  </s>
<s> - Review of changes in 12 July Draft of UAGL Proposed: Send to IG. - Review of keyboard proposal from Rich [1]: "Avoid configurations that interfere with system conventions."  </s>
<s> ml - Proposed Note for checkpoint 1.1 on device-independent input.  </s>
<s> - Issues from the issues list #3: What should UAs do with recognize navigation bars?  </s>
<s> The Web Content WG does not recommend MAP (closed issue): #42: How do users navigate documents with embedded list elements?  </s>
<s> #44: Navigation of time dependent multimedia elements rendered to the user (more than just stop, rewind and fast forward) #63: Checkpoint proposal from Marja to freeze time-sensitive content.  </s>
<s> Other agenda suggestions are welcome.  </s>
<s> - Ian Ian Jacobs (jacobs@w3.org) http://www.w3.org/People/Jacobs  </s>
<s> aloha, y'all!  </s>
<s> i will be unable to attend this week's teleconference, as i will be manning a booth at the low vision conference currently being held in NYC at the waldorf... i apologize for the inconvenience, especially since i'm the one responsible for answering agenda item 3! gregory.  </s>
<s> BIGOT, n.  </s>
<s> One who is obstinately and zealously attached to an opinion that you do not entertain.  </s>
<s> -- Ambrose Bierce Gregory J. Rosmaita unagi69@concentric.net  </s>
<s> Camera Obscura http://www.hicom.net/~oedipus/index.html VICUG NYC http://www.hicom.net/~oedipus/vicug/  </s>
<s> Read 'Em &amp; Speak http://www.hicom.net/~oedipus/books/  </s>
<s> Hello again, In addition to the published agenda, Judy Brewer will be joining part of the call to discuss some proposed changes to the UAGL charter [1].  </s>
<s> [1] http://www.w3.org/WAI/UA/wai-ua-charter Ian Jacobs (jacobs@w3.org) http://www.w3.org/People/Jacobs  </s>
