<s> Hi Everyone, Just a reminder that the AUWG conference call will take place on Monday January 12 (TODAY) at the regular time.: 4:00 pm ET (617) 761-6200 ext.  </s>
<s> 2894# AGENDA: (1) Face to face meeting planning (The next face to face meeting will be in Austin, TX, USA, February 19-20, 2004) (2) Plan for publishing to TR in late January (3) Proposed changes to draft of the ATAG References to WCAG See below.  </s>
<s> (4) Review of Work items: (see below) - a new feature of this list are links to the most recent update messages.  </s>
<s> (5) Tim's draft plan to test for ATAG conformance (6) Other Technique Work Items (1) - Update techniques for guideline 1 (consider how 1.1 should be organized if either the IBM software guidelines or the ISO document are adopted, review the rest, asking what needs to be dropped or added?) = TIM LATEST: [...] (2) - Update techniques for guideline 2 (review all checkpoints, asking what needs to be dropped or added?) = LIDDY LATEST: (3) - Update techniques for guideline 3 (review reliance on WCAG numbering in 3.1, review the rest, asking what needs to be dropped or added?) = JAN LATEST: (4) - Update techniques for guideline 4 (add techniques for 4.2 (4.3, a.k.a 4.X still does not have success criteria yet), review 4.1 and 4.4, asking what needs to be dropped or added?) = GREG LATEST: [...] (5) - Take a wide of the document.  </s>
<s> Is it well structured?  </s>
<s> Is it easy to use?  </s>
<s> What is missing?  </s>
<s> = KAREN LATEST: [...] (6) - Update the references (Go through the document and adding or correcting references as necessary, update and repair the references page) = GREG LATEST: [...] (7) - Maintain the glossary (Ensure terms are up to date, keep synchronized with glossary in guidelines, both glossaries need to develop with an eye on other WAI and W3C glossaries) = KAREN LATEST: [...] Please send regrets or other agenda items to the list.  </s>
<s> Jan Richards, User Interface Design Specialist Adaptive Technology Resource Centre (ATRC), University of Toronto Web: http://ultrajuan.ic.utoronto.ca/jan/richards.html  </s>
<s> I can't make the meeting, but I would like to ask the working group to let me know of any involvement at CSUN this year.  </s>
<s> If you are making a presentation, staffing a booth, giving a tutorial, etc. about ATAG, authoring tools, or accessibility please let me know.  </s>
<s> For example, IBM Accessibility Center will have a booth in the Marriott (Phill Jenkins) Presentation: Lessons learned from making 25 million pages compliant (Matt King &amp; Phill Jenkins) more to come If you are just going to attend this year with no speaking assignments, let me know that as well.  </s>
<s> CSUN Conference page http://www.csun.edu/cod/conf/index.htm Regards, Phill Jenkins, IBM Accessibility Services  </s>
<s> Happy New Year everyone!  </s>
<s> Here is the location of the sandbox I set up: Keep http://www.mardahl.dk/atagsandbox/atag20techs/  </s>
<s> in mind as a backup in case some of the links within the document fail.  </s>
<s> Uh, I had interesting experiences (read "nightmare") setting this up and pretty much started over.  </s>
<s> As I write this mail, there are very likely still some links that are messed up, and I have not had time yet to follow up and see if I have included all items from past discussions that have been agreed upon.  </s>
<s> If any, the material will match the current draft from October that is online.  </s>
<s> These addresses are correct at least.  </s>
<s> I am reconstructing as fast as I can!  </s>
<s> I thought other people's docs should be handy so... Libby's doc is at Tim's discussion of Guideline 1 and ISO16071 and IBM is at Remember there are 2 proposals from Tim.  </s>
<s> I was intending to incorporate them but got behind with my technical problems, and then figured we should/could just as well discuss the matters first anyway.  </s>
<s> Some comments on my tasks and thoughts about everything: I was looking at the overall structure and navigation and usability of the information itself in the ATAG-TECHs document.  </s>
<s> I wasn't quite sure of how to indicate what I had done, since some of my ideas were not exactly comments.  </s>
<s> I, like Liddy, used span tags with the class that makes them bold and red.  </s>
<s> I strongly advocate the use of double at-signs as we have been using - they are easy to find.  </s>
<s> I also suggest as I have done for my own comments, that we put initials at the beginning of the comments.  </s>
<s> I have something like @@KM: what about Wombat?@@  </s>
<s> I thought about dates too, because I don't know how long some comments have been floating about without any agreement or decision being made.  </s>
<s> The initials tell you who made the comment in case there was a need for further explanation and discussion.  </s>
<s> Anyway, what I found hard to illustrate was the revamping I did of the  </s>
<s> overview (the first page of TECHS).  </s>
<s> For example: * I moved the TOC just after the Abstract.  </s>
<s> Provides orientation ASAP! * I removed the 8 examples of authoring tools because they are in the glossary.  </s>
<s> I felt they were a bit cumbersome on this page.  </s>
<s> The 2 notes at the bottom of the page were moved up to the Introduction because it seemed the kind of "what you should know before reading" type info.  </s>
<s> I made a link here to the Examples in the Glossary.  </s>
<s> * The status needed cleaning up - there were several duplicate paragraphs.  </s>
<s> * I changed "Techniques for Checkpoint n.n" to "Checkpoint n.n" - this was one example of a sense of unnecessary bulk that could be trimmed.  </s>
<s> It bothered me visually and I could imagine a screen reader driving someone crazy repeating the same phrase again and again!  </s>
<s> * I would really like to remove the Glossary text from the ATAG 2.0 guidelines themselves, but want approval first and the TECHs had first priority anyway.  </s>
<s> The setup would be just as with the overview doc (the first page of TECHS) - you get a link to Glossary and that is that.  </s>
<s> One place to maintain, instead of 2. I will carry out more of this type of trimming and rearranging throughout the document - all with the aim of improving the reading and understanding.  </s>
<s> I also want to do some final proofreading/editing once everyone's work is in.  </s>
<s> I would be happy to be one of the final proofreading/editing/get-it-on-the-web people!  </s>
<s> ;-) I am not sure how to deal with the actual updating to W3.org of any material we complete.  </s>
<s> I assume that Matt and/or Jan have advice and can tell me what I should do with the files?  </s>
<s> That kind of discussion is perhaps more technical than necessary for this listserv so we can discuss it between the 3 of us?  </s>
<s> Talk to you all later tonight!  </s>
<s> regards, Karen Mardahl  </s>
<s> I will not be attending today's working group call as I'm in Vancouver giving a talk at the same time: promotes the principles we are working on in this group :-) Jan will be chairing the meeting.  </s>
<s> Jutta  </s>
