<s> A regular working group meeting will be held on Thursday, 20 hours Coordinated Universal Time, +1-617-252-1038 Agenda: Continuation of the discussion surrounding the recently circulated WCAG draft.  </s>
<s> A revised draft may be released in time for the meeting, incorporating changes suggested by Gregg Vanderheiden and taking account of points which have emerged from recent working group deliberations.  </s>
<s> Also, Charles questioned the need for having an "overlayer" of "Principles" to which my answer is that if we make them sufficiently general/abstract it will be almost mandatory that these be in a class of their own with subsumed guidelines, checkpoints, and techniques/examples.  </s>
<s> Incidentally, I cannot find Jason's "Principles" from the GL home page?  </s>
<s> I must reiterate that there should be some place we can all look at the *latest* version under consideration - hopefully without all the "boilerplate" of a W3C document.  </s>
<s> Just the Principles at this time, please!  </s>
<s> Love.  </s>
<s> ACCESSIBILITY IS RIGHT - NOT PRIVILEGE  </s>
<s> Please add to the agenda a discussion of the early October Face2Face meeting?  </s>
<s> Love.  </s>
<s> ACCESSIBILITY IS RIGHT - NOT PRIVILEGE  </s>
