<s> Scribe notes: 1) I have been relatively informal through-out, using first names except for roll call.  </s>
<s> If anyone would rather be minuted with any other name e.g. "Prof.  </s>
<s> James Hendler" please let me know and I will send out amended minutes.  </s>
<s> Also, unless people complain my case behaviour with names is random.  </s>
<s> 2) Each ACTION appears twice, once in the summary, and once in the detail - I had a strong objection to this in WebOnt, so used a different format for that group.  </s>
<s> Personally I prefer it this way, but again if anyone doesn't like it, I will make appropriate amendments.  </s>
<s> 3) I don't know Ivan's sirname.  </s>
<s> 4) Did Bijan attend the RDF/XHTML part, or was he only on IRC?  </s>
<s> 5) Mark is the correct XML.com link (Simon St. Laurent review of Mar. 10)?  </s>
<s> Minutes follow ... SWBPD WG Telecon 18 March 2004, 1500Z Summary (new actions) ACTION: Ralph talk with Guus and create a strall poll form for meeting times ACTION: Guus to propose a format for TF description (the following depend on the above) ACTION: JimH write description of WorldView TF ACTION: ChrisW write description of OPEN TF ACTION: aldo describe Wordnet TF ACTION: danbri get rdf-thes contacts from Guus ACTION: aldo e-mail WordNet update to mailing list ACTION: guus read bernard's e-mail with draft TMAP msg ACTION: guus to finalize TMAP e-mail, notify cg, and send out msg ACTION: danC to send mail requesting feedback on RDF/XHTML &amp; GRDDL to both lists.  </s>
<s> (continued actions) ACTION DanBri: investigate publication of Turtle as SWIG note  </s>
<s> ACTION ChrisW present his time ontology in the next telecon ACTION DanBri: ask SemWeb CG about constraints and advice re WD, Note, etc. (decisions) RESOLVED: contact Topic Maps as in bernard's e-mail Also: The Chair suggests that everyone sends an introduction to list.  </s>
<s> Ralph will edit the list of Task Forces.  </s>
<s> (a new document) Agenda: IRC: Detail: 1. ADMINISTRIVIA (10 min) Role call: Chris Welty, Ralph Switck, Jim Hendler, Aditya Kalyanpur, Dan Brickley, David Norheim, Libby Miller, Ivan ???, Natasha Noy, Jen Golbeck, Brian McBride, Bernard Vatant, Shimizu Noboru, Deb McGuinness, Guus Schreiber (chair), Nick Gibbins, Jermey Carroll (scribe), Dan Connolly, Mark Birbeck, Aldo Gangemi Regrets: Marco Nanni, RESOLVED to accept the minutes of the Cannes kickoff ftf: Amended to show Deb's remote attendence.  </s>
<s> Thanks to people who attended kickoff.  </s>
<s> The Chair suggests that everyone sends an introduction to list.  </s>
<s> RESOVED: next telecon date 1 April Long discussion about time of telecon: (selected comments) Deb: this time is very difficult for me.  </s>
<s> Ralph: I concur with Deb's concern, since the F2F was not representative.  </s>
<s> Jim: an alternating time is difficult to schedule for me.  </s>
<s> Shimizu: it's impossible to satisfy everybody - I prefer one time Chris: with alternating times some people can only participate once a month Deb: once a month is better than zero times a month *No* time for next telecon decided.  </s>
<s> ACTION: Ralph talk with Guus and create a strall poll form for meeting times 2. ACTION ITEM REVIEW (5min) Completed actions: ACTION: danbri send msg to public-esw-thes letting them know BDP WG is considering work in thes2rdf area ACTION GuusS asking JimH whether he's wanting to coordinate "Worldview Note" TF ACTION JJC: send to the WG list an example of using www-archive (and perhaps some relevant advice) ACTION RalphS: add attachment policies to list archive cover page W3C Guidelines for Email Attachment Formats ACTION Guus: forward some tips for scribes (from Dan to webont) ACTION: Bernard to draft a message to be sent from this WG to ISO Topic Maps community for discussion at an upcoming teleconference Continued Actions: ACTION DanB: investigate publication of Turtle as SWIG note ACTION ChrisW present his time ontology in the next telecon ACTION DanBri: ask SemWeb CG about constraints and advice re WD, Note, etc. 3 TASK FORCES 3.1 Task force list (taken after 3.1(a)) Guus presented: Proposal to create and maintain a WG task-force list, in a similar spirit as a regylar issue list.  </s>
<s> To discuss: - format task-foce description - list maintenance / editor - process similar to issue process: proposed, "opned" (i.e. strated), proposal to close (e.g. WG noet), close/postponed The TF list contains the mission and expected results of each TF, and the TF membership while the TF is live.  </s>
<s> Ralph volunteered to edit this list.  </s>
<s> Brian asked for discussion of his e-mail concerning issues (chair did not allow time) 3.2 Discussion on selected task forces (a) World-view note - explain diff owl, rdf, xml etc. JimH: two themes WorldView about SemWeb (e.g. rdf vs owl) or WorldView about Web vs SemWeb (e.g. xml vs rdf) This could be one document or two.  </s>
<s> So far, Deb and Brian are in the TF with Jim (lead) Possibles: Pat Hayes, Frank van Harmaleen David Norheim is interested.  </s>
<s> ACTION: JimH write description of WorldView TF (b) Demos and applications No coordinator, no TF ... There remained interest but no one willing to coordinate this TF. (c) Porting thesaurii to the Web DanBri reported "Not much to report ..." ACTION: danbri get rdf-thes contacts from Guus (d) Ontology Patterns and Engineering (ChrisW, DebM) Chris felt it was a waste of WG time to discuss acronym.  </s>
<s> Tf may meet independently on that.  </s>
<s> E-mail should go through the WG list.  </s>
<s> Chris asked how to work (ie html, wiki ...) The W3C encourages use of CVS, WG members can get CVS write access to pages held on www.w3.org.  </s>
<s> Can also send msgs to www-archive@w3.org and w3c-archive@w3.org  </s>
<s> for documenting archiving.  </s>
<s> There is a Wiki we can use: http://esw.w3.org/topic/ DanC pointed out that using a Wiki is encouraging other people to write, which may be inapprorpriate for a TF (e) WordNet ontology conversion support (AldoG) FOllowing people expressed interest { Alberto Reggiori, Libby } Aldo gave an update, which the scribe failed to summarized.  </s>
<s> Aldo gave an update again after the XHTML TF agendum: the scribe remained confused - here are some notes: The TF will review previous work and contact people who have done ports.  </s>
<s> e.g. Steffan Decker.  </s>
<s> It will contact someone in Switzerland, and someone in Princeton.  </s>
<s> There was discussion about the commercial terms of Euro Wordnet.  </s>
<s> ACTION: aldo e-mail WordNet update to mailing list (e.g. a clearer version of the scribe's muddle) ACTION: aldo describe Wordnet TF (f) Link to TopicMaps (Bernard proposed sending, seconded by Jeremy) ACTION: guus read bernard's e-mail with draft TMAP msg ACTION: guus to finalize TMAP e-mail, notify cg, and send out msg RESOLVED: contact Topic Maps as in bernard's e-mail 3.3 RDF-XHTML task force (20 min) (current lead DanC: "I'm willing to lead, but would be happier for somebody else to lead") Mark Birbeck and Dan Connolly joined for this section.  </s>
<s> Jeremy has sent a review of Mark's work: Jeremy: I like it.  </s>
<s> I raised a number of technical details.  </s>
<s> The XHTML WG are commited.  </s>
<s> Mark mentioned an XML.com review: This review did not understand motivations, problems, or constraints.  </s>
<s> DanC suggested the GRDDL background doc as perhaps useful for Mark in explaining these issues.  </s>
<s> DanC asked who are the customers: Dublin Core, AKT, Foaf Nick: AKT has had to solve this problem; we want a single solution.  </s>
<s> ACTION: danC to send mail requesting feedback on RDF/XHTML &amp; GRDDL to both lists.  </s>
<s> * Jeremy Carroll jjc@hplb.hpl.hp.com [2004-03-19 15:52+0100]  </s>
<s> If you mean ivan@w3.org,  </s>
<s> Ivan Herman.  </s>
<s> This was completed (url circulated previously).  </s>
<s> cheers, Dan  </s>
<s> Hi Jeremy,  </s>
<s> Yes, that's right.  </s>
<s> Regards, Mark Mark Birbeck CEO and CTO x-port.net Ltd. Download our XForms processor from  </s>
