Agenda: [wrong subject] Transcript: NOTE: Actions have been transcribed according to - the format is a little terse (suggest permitting multiline actions) Roll call: Dave Beckett Dan Brickley Dan Connolly Mike Dean Jan Grant Pat Hayes Frank Manola Brian McBride (chair) Eric Miller Regrets: Graham Klyne, Patrick Stickler, Jos deRoo Item 3: Review agenda. 
Item 13 and 14 appear to be the same thing. 
Item 4: Next telecon 2003-05-02 10:00 Boston Time Scribe: Dave Beckett Item 5: Minutes of 2003-04-11 with corrections Approved. 
Item 8: pfps-07 PatH: the fix for this has been folded into the current editor's WD: PROPOSED to accept the comment and resole it as in the current semantics draft. 
Prop: PatH; Second: JanG; 0 against; 0 abstain RESOVLED. 
date: 20030425 ACTION 20030425#1 path send [closed] email for pfps-07 Item 9: pfps-10 This is a bugfix included in the current draft. 
ACTION 20030425#2 jang add test case for pfps-10 (from originating email) PROPOSED: to accept this and to close it with the fix in the editor's working draft. 
Prop PatH; Second JanG; against 0; abstain 0 RESOLVED Additional item: On pfps-08: PatH: we initially 'rejected' this; it's now resolved to PFPS' satisfaction. 
ACTION 20030425#3 path chase pfps response to pfps-08 Item 10: timbl-03 PROPOSED: to reject timbl-03 according to Prop DaveB; Second JanG; For: ILRT; Against: W3C, PatH; Abstain: FrankM, MikeD. 
NOT RESOLVED. 
DanC pointed out the cost would be changes to Syntax, Test Cases, Primer(?) ACTION 20030425#4 frank figure out the cost to PRIMER of accepting timbl-03 ACTION 20030425#5 danc figure out the cost to WebOnt of accepting timbl-03 Item 11: xmlsch-10 PROPOSED: to postpone this issue Prop DaveB; Second DanC; Against 0; Abstain 0. RESOLVED ACTION 20030425#6 daveb send response to xmlsch-10 ACTION 20030425#7 bwm allocate postponed issue id for xmlsch-10 Item 12: xmlsch-11 PatH: (points out last sentence needs grammaticising) DaveB: Only options given were accept, reject, postpone. 
DanC: then we sohuld add 'clarify' PROPOSED: to 'clarify' xmlsch-11 along the lines of DaveB's response above Prop DaveB; Second DanC; against 0; abstain 0 ACTION 20030425#8 daveb respond to xmlsch-11 Item 13: xmlsch-12 With amendment: strike "sucks because". 
With amendment: "the WG notes your offer of help and has asked the coordination group to carry it forward" PROPOSED to reject xmlsch-12 as detailed above prop daveb; second path; against 0; abstain 0 RESOLVED ACTION 20030425#9 bwm postponed issue for xmlsch-12 (is it the same as for -10?) ACTION 20030425#10 em carry xmlsch WG's offer of help wrt xmlsch-12 to semantic web coordination group ACTION 20030425#11 daveb respond to xmlsch-12 Item 15: xmlsch-01 In JJC's absence this was skipped after a brief discussion. 
Item 16: xmlsch-02/xmlsch-03 In JJC's absence this was skipped after some discussion. 
Nobody had a problem with semantics importing the notion of "lexical to value mapping" from 3.3 of concepts (renaming it for clarity if required). 
Item 17: pfps-04 pfps-05 pfps-06 PatH: I've not yet written out a full proof of the closure lemma DanC: we have the option to say, 'enough', and report to the director that we're satisfied, although the original commenter may not be. 
Meeting closed. 
jan grant, ILRT, University of Bristol. 
http://www.ilrt.bris.ac.uk/ Spreadsheet through network. 
Oh yeah. 
Thanks Jan for sticking to the formatting. 
I'm adding a couple of changes to help with the scraping. 
Slight mods to make sure they are swebscrapable: o included hyphens in date as per previous practice o included swebscrape director line: swebscrape:N3:python:http://www.w3.org/2001/sw/RDFCore/scripts/minutes2n3.py 
Brian Agenda: [wrong subject] Transcript: NOTE: Actions have been transcribed according to - the format is a little terse (suggest permitting multiline actions) Roll call: Dave Beckett Dan Brickley Dan Connolly Mike Dean Jan Grant Pat Hayes Frank Manola Brian McBride (chair) Eric Miller Regrets: Graham Klyne, Patrick Stickler, Jos deRoo Item 3: Review agenda. 
Item 13 and 14 appear to be the same thing. 
Item 4: Next telecon 2003-05-02 10:00 Boston Time Scribe: Dave Beckett Item 5: Minutes of 2003-04-11 with corrections Approved. 
Item 8: pfps-07 PatH: the fix for this has been folded into the current editor's WD: PROPOSED to accept the comment and resole it as in the current semantics draft. 
Prop: PatH; Second: JanG; 0 against; 0 abstain RESOVLED. 
date: 2003-04-25 ACTION 20030425#1 path send [closed] email for pfps-07 Item 9: pfps-10 This is a bugfix included in the current draft. 
ACTION 20030425#2 jang add test case for pfps-10 (from originating email) PROPOSED: to accept this and to close it with the fix in the editor's working draft. 
Prop PatH; Second JanG; against 0; abstain 0 RESOLVED Additional item: On pfps-08: PatH: we initially 'rejected' this; it's now resolved to PFPS' satisfaction. 
ACTION 20030425#3 path chase pfps response to pfps-08 Item 10: timbl-03 PROPOSED: to reject timbl-03 according to Prop DaveB; Second JanG; For: ILRT; Against: W3C, PatH; Abstain: FrankM, MikeD. 
NOT RESOLVED. 
DanC pointed out the cost would be changes to Syntax, Test Cases, Primer(?) ACTION 20030425#4 frank figure out the cost to PRIMER of accepting timbl-03 ACTION 20030425#5 danc figure out the cost to WebOnt of accepting timbl-03 Item 11: xmlsch-10 PROPOSED: to postpone this issue Prop DaveB; Second DanC; Against 0; Abstain 0. RESOLVED ACTION 20030425#6 daveb send response to xmlsch-10 ACTION 20030425#7 bwm allocate postponed issue id for xmlsch-10 Item 12: xmlsch-11 PatH: (points out last sentence needs grammaticising) DaveB: Only options given were accept, reject, postpone. 
DanC: then we sohuld add 'clarify' PROPOSED: to 'clarify' xmlsch-11 along the lines of DaveB's response above Prop DaveB; Second DanC; against 0; abstain 0 ACTION 20030425#8 daveb respond to xmlsch-11 Item 13: xmlsch-12 With amendment: strike "sucks because". 
With amendment: "the WG notes your offer of help and has asked the coordination group to carry it forward" PROPOSED to reject xmlsch-12 as detailed above prop daveb; second path; against 0; abstain 0 RESOLVED ACTION 20030425#9 bwm postponed issue for xmlsch-12 (is it the same as for -10?) ACTION 20030425#10 em carry xmlsch WG's offer of help wrt xmlsch-12 to semantic web coordination group ACTION 20030425#11 daveb respond to xmlsch-12 Item 15: xmlsch-01 In JJC's absence this was skipped after a brief discussion. 
Item 16: xmlsch-02/xmlsch-03 In JJC's absence this was skipped after some discussion. 
Nobody had a problem with semantics importing the notion of "lexical to value mapping" from 3.3 of concepts (renaming it for clarity if required). 
Item 17: pfps-04 pfps-05 pfps-06 PatH: I've not yet written out a full proof of the closure lemma DanC: we have the option to say, 'enough', and report to the director that we're satisfied, although the original commenter may not be. 
Meeting closed. 
jan grant, ILRT, University of Bristol. 
http://www.ilrt.bris.ac.uk/ 
OOps - messed up slightly. 
Last try. 
Sorry for the repeated messages. 
Brian Re: Minutes of RDFCore telecon, 2003-04-25 From: Brian McBride (bwm@hplb.hpl.hp.com) Date: Wed, Apr 30 2003 * Previous message: Frank Manola: "Re: ACTION 20030425#4 [was Re: timbl-03]" * Maybe in reply to: Jan Grant: "Minutes of RDFCore telecon, 2003-04-25" * Messages sorted by: [ date ] [ thread ] [ subject ] [ author ] [ attachment ] * Other mail archives: [this mailing list] [other W3C mailing lists] * Mail actions: [ respond to this message ] [ mail a new topic ] Message-Id: 5.1.0.14.0.20030430214209.073db698@localhost 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2003 21:50:15 +0100 From: Brian McBride bwm@hplb.hpl.hp.com Subject: Re: Minutes of RDFCore telecon, 2003-04-25 Thanks Jan for sticking to the formatting. 
I'm adding a couple of changes to help with the scraping. 
Slight mods to make sure they are swebscrapable: o included hyphens in date as per previous practice o included swebscrape director line: swebscrape:N3:python: http://www.w3.org/2001/sw/RDFCore/scripts/minutes2n3.py 
Brian Agenda: [wrong subject] Transcript: NOTE: Actions have been transcribed according to - the format is a little terse (suggest permitting multiline actions) Roll call: Dave Beckett Dan Brickley Dan Connolly Mike Dean Jan Grant Pat Hayes Frank Manola Brian McBride (chair) Eric Miller Regrets: Graham Klyne, Patrick Stickler, Jos deRoo Item 3: Review agenda. 
Item 13 and 14 appear to be the same thing. 
Item 4: Next telecon 2003-05-02 10:00 Boston Time Scribe: Dave Beckett Item 5: Minutes of 2003-04-11 with corrections Approved. 
Item 8: pfps-07 PatH: the fix for this has been folded into the current editor's WD: PROPOSED to accept the comment and resole it as in the current semantics draft. 
Prop: PatH; Second: JanG; 0 against; 0 abstain RESOVLED. 
date: 2003-04-25 ACTION 2003-04-25#1 path send [closed] email for pfps-07 Item 9: pfps-10 This is a bugfix included in the current draft. 
ACTION 2003-04-25#2 jang add test case for pfps-10 (from originating email) PROPOSED: to accept this and to close it with the fix in the editor's working draft. 
Prop PatH; Second JanG; against 0; abstain 0 RESOLVED Additional item: On pfps-08: PatH: we initially 'rejected' this; it's now resolved to PFPS' satisfaction. 
ACTION 2003-04-25#3 path chase pfps response to pfps-08 Item 10: timbl-03 PROPOSED: to reject timbl-03 according to Prop DaveB; Second JanG; For: ILRT; Against: W3C, PatH; Abstain: FrankM, MikeD. 
NOT RESOLVED. 
DanC pointed out the cost would be changes to Syntax, Test Cases, Primer(?) ACTION 2003-04-25#4 frank figure out the cost to PRIMER of accepting timbl-03 ACTION 2003-04-25#5 danc figure out the cost to WebOnt of accepting timbl-03 Item 11: xmlsch-10 PROPOSED: to postpone this issue Prop DaveB; Second DanC; Against 0; Abstain 0. RESOLVED ACTION 2003-04-25#6 daveb send response to xmlsch-10 ACTION 2003-04-25#7 bwm allocate postponed issue id for xmlsch-10 Item 12: xmlsch-11 PatH: (points out last sentence needs grammaticising) DaveB: Only options given were accept, reject, postpone. 
DanC: then we sohuld add 'clarify' PROPOSED: to 'clarify' xmlsch-11 along the lines of DaveB's response above Prop DaveB; Second DanC; against 0; abstain 0 ACTION 2003-04-25#8 daveb respond to xmlsch-11 Item 13: xmlsch-12 With amendment: strike "sucks because". 
With amendment: "the WG notes your offer of help and has asked the coordination group to carry it forward" PROPOSED to reject xmlsch-12 as detailed above prop daveb; second path; against 0; abstain 0 RESOLVED ACTION 2003-04-25#9 bwm postponed issue for xmlsch-12 (is it the same as for -10?) ACTION 2003-04-25#10 em carry xmlsch WG's offer of help wrt xmlsch-12 to semantic web coordination group ACTION 2003-04-25#11 daveb respond to xmlsch-12 Item 15: xmlsch-01 In JJC's absence this was skipped after a brief discussion. 
Item 16: xmlsch-02/xmlsch-03 In JJC's absence this was skipped after some discussion. 
Nobody had a problem with semantics importing the notion of "lexical to value mapping" from 3.3 of concepts (renaming it for clarity if required). 
Item 17: pfps-04 pfps-05 pfps-06 PatH: I've not yet written out a full proof of the closure lemma DanC: we have the option to say, 'enough', and report to the director that we're satisfied, although the original commenter may not be. 
Meeting closed. 
jan grant, ILRT, University of Bristol. 
http://www.ilrt.bris.ac.uk/ * Previous message: Frank Manola: "Re: ACTION 20030425#4 [was Re: timbl-03]" * Maybe in reply to: Jan Grant: "Minutes of RDFCore telecon, 2003-04-25" * Messages sorted by: [ date ] [ thread ] [ subject ] [ author ] [ attachment ] * Other mail archives: [this mailing list] [other W3C mailing lists] * Mail actions: [ respond to this message ] [ mail a new topic ] 
