<s> AGENDA I18N GEO TF teleconference Please feel free to suggest additional items for the agenda.  </s>
<s> Bridge : +1-617-761-6200 (Zakim) with conference code 4186 (spells "I18N") Duration : 60 minutes Day : Wednesday Date : 19 March 2003 Start : 20:00 UTC, 12noon Pacific, 3pm Eastern, 7am Australia (next day!) Zakim information : http://www.w3.org/2002/01/UsingZakim Zakim bridge monitor : http://www.w3.org/1998/12/bridge/Zakim.html Zakim IRC bot : http://www.w3.org/2001/12/zakim-irc-bot.html *** indicates a specific topic we need to discuss -indicates a regular topic Draft agenda Review of agenda Review of actions (see below) Review of dependencies (see below) Review of pending edits (see below).  </s>
<s> Meetings &amp; Events: ****New telecon times (daylight savings) ****No telecon next week ****Presentation to Offices on Friday New participants ****Phil Arko, Barry Caplan Review of work process ****uploading info to the W3C site Format developments -Review new developments -Update on discussions with WAI ****What to call 'rules': guidepoint?  </s>
<s> directive?  </s>
<s> Content development ***Steve's latest submission?  </s>
<s> Outreach ***Postpone this until after Unicode (Suzanne will join) AOB Details: CONTENT OWNERS Steve Anything in section 3 (character sets, encoding, entities) [first priority] Anything in section 10 (Objects) Martin character sets &amp; encodings in forms Lloyd Forms Richard Bidi Russ automatic layout Andrew i was thinking of jotting down some notes on the following areas, and then seeing what i could add to other sections.  </s>
<s> 3 Character sets, character encodings and entities 4 Specifying the language of content 5 Text direction 6.4 Ruby 7 Lists 8 Tables 8.1 Mirroring tables in bidirectional text 15 Writing source text ACTIONS (ongoing and new) ACTION: TT, RI need to recontact Bill Hall ACTION: RI to send invitation to Gerald Edgar, who observed during the Tech Plen DONE ACTION: RI to follow up tommorrow with Barry Caplan.  </s>
<s> DONE ACTION: Russ, follow-up wrt possible new member from Trados ACTION: RI to propose some new teleconf times to cope with daylight savings at next week's meeting.  </s>
<s> ACTION: RI to ping Suzanne again.  </s>
<s> DONE ACTION: RI, set up an area on the W3C site for people to post proposals, and give people access.  </s>
<s> DONE Action: Richard, look at ways of making the document print with a smaller font, while avoiding any WAI issues.  </s>
<s> All: send in pointers to existing guidelines Suzanne: put together a list of short term vs. long term goals related to education and outreach - send it to us for discussion DEPENDENCIES None.  </s>
<s> EDITS PENDING Fri 17/01/2003 16:10e, clarify the relationship between 'avoid escapes' and 'use hex techniques [[ Fri 17/01/2003 16:09e, link to the WAI docs section on language declarations [[ Fri 17/01/2003 16:08e, incorporate guidance related to Character Model &amp; Unicode and Markup Languages [[ Fri 17/01/2003 16:07e, time &amp; date: improve rules [[ Fri 17/01/2003 16:06e, consider when it is appropriate to mention source separation [[ Fri 17/01/2003 16:04e, say that fragment identifiers shouldn't be translated [[ Fri 17/01/2003 16:03edit, spell out PUA and link to glossary [[http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-i18n-geo/2003Jan/0020.html  </s>
<s> Fri 17/01/2003 16:03edit, add normalisation info [[ Fri 17/01/2003 16:01edit, add autoresizing and bidi mirroring info [[ http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-i18n-geo/2003Jan/0020.html  </s>
<s> Fri 17/01/2003 16:01edit, mention video [[http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-i18n-geo/2003Jan/0020.html  </s>
<s> Fri 17/01/2003 15:59edit, allude to vertical text in the HTML techniques [[http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-i18n-geo/2003Jan/0020.html  </s>
<s> Fri 17/01/2003 15:58edit, Add a section on printing issues related to paper sizes to the toc.  </s>
<s> [[ Fri 17/01/2003 15:51edit, make the text print smaller [[ Thu 16/01/2003 16:32edit, ac 15jan, add stuff on normalisation Thu 16/01/2003 16:30edit, ac 15jan, link to WAI lang stuff Thu 16/01/2003 16:05edit, link to UXML Thu 16/01/2003 14:42edit, standardise spellings Thu 16/01/2003 14:29edit, make 2002 2003 [[http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-i18n-geo/2003Jan/0020.html  </s>
<s> Richard Ishida W3C Richard Ishida W3C  </s>
<s> Small additions... AGENDA I18N GEO TF teleconference Please feel free to suggest additional items for the agenda.  </s>
<s> Bridge : +1-617-761-6200 (Zakim) with conference code 4186 (spells "I18N") Duration : 60 minutes Day : Wednesday Date : 19 March 2003 Start : 20:00 UTC, 12noon Pacific, 3pm Eastern, 7am Australia (next day!) Zakim information : http://www.w3.org/2002/01/UsingZakim Zakim bridge monitor : http://www.w3.org/1998/12/bridge/Zakim.html Zakim IRC bot : http://www.w3.org/2001/12/zakim-irc-bot.html *** indicates a specific topic we need to discuss -indicates a regular topic Draft agenda Review of agenda Review of actions (see below) Review of dependencies (see below) Review of pending edits (see below).  </s>
<s> Meetings &amp; Events: ****New telecon times (daylight savings) ****No telecon next week ****Presentation to Offices on Friday ****Changes to FTF minutes New participants ****Phil Arko, Barry Caplan Review of work process ****uploading info to the W3C site Format developments -Review new developments -Update on discussions with WAI ****What to call 'rules': guidepoint?  </s>
<s> directive?  </s>
<s> Content development ****Steve's latest submission ****Brainstorm: Lucky Dip !  </s>
<s> (lets contribute any guidelines for any sections this week) Outreach ***Postpone this until after Unicode (Suzanne will join) AOB Details: CONTENT OWNERS Steve Anything in section 3 (character sets, encoding, entities) [first priority] Anything in section 10 (Objects) Martin character sets &amp; encodings in forms Lloyd Forms Richard Bidi Russ automatic layout Andrew i was thinking of jotting down some notes on the following areas, and then seeing what i could add to other sections.  </s>
<s> 3 Character sets, character encodings and entities 4 Specifying the language of content 5 Text direction 6.4 Ruby 7 Lists 8 Tables 8.1 Mirroring tables in bidirectional text 15 Writing source text ACTIONS (ongoing and new) ACTION: TT, RI need to recontact Bill Hall ACTION: RI to send invitation to Gerald Edgar, who observed during the Tech Plen DONE ACTION: RI to follow up tommorrow with Barry Caplan.  </s>
<s> DONE ACTION: Russ, follow-up wrt possible new member from Trados ACTION: RI to propose some new teleconf times to cope with daylight savings at next week's meeting.  </s>
<s> ACTION: RI to ping Suzanne again.  </s>
<s> DONE ACTION: RI, set up an area on the W3C site for people to post proposals, and give people access.  </s>
<s> DONE Action: Richard, look at ways of making the document print with a smaller font, while avoiding any WAI issues.  </s>
<s> All: send in pointers to existing guidelines Suzanne: put together a list of short term vs. long term goals related to education and outreach - send it to us for discussion DEPENDENCIES None.  </s>
<s> EDITS PENDING Fri 17/01/2003 16:10e, clarify the relationship between 'avoid escapes' and 'use hex techniques [[ Fri 17/01/2003 16:09e, link to the WAI docs section on language declarations [[ Fri 17/01/2003 16:08e, incorporate guidance related to Character Model &amp; Unicode and Markup Languages [[ Fri 17/01/2003 16:07e, time &amp; date: improve rules [[ Fri 17/01/2003 16:06e, consider when it is appropriate to mention source separation [[ Fri 17/01/2003 16:04e, say that fragment identifiers shouldn't be translated [[ Fri 17/01/2003 16:03edit, spell out PUA and link to glossary [[http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-i18n-geo/2003Jan/0020.html  </s>
<s> Fri 17/01/2003 16:03edit, add normalisation info [[ Fri 17/01/2003 16:01edit, add autoresizing and bidi mirroring info [[ http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-i18n-geo/2003Jan/0020.html  </s>
<s> Fri 17/01/2003 16:01edit, mention video [[http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-i18n-geo/2003Jan/0020.html  </s>
<s> Fri 17/01/2003 15:59edit, allude to vertical text in the HTML techniques [[http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-i18n-geo/2003Jan/0020.html  </s>
<s> Fri 17/01/2003 15:58edit, Add a section on printing issues related to paper sizes to the toc.  </s>
<s> [[ Fri 17/01/2003 15:51edit, make the text print smaller [[ Thu 16/01/2003 16:32edit, ac 15jan, add stuff on normalisation Thu 16/01/2003 16:30edit, ac 15jan, link to WAI lang stuff Thu 16/01/2003 16:05edit, link to UXML Thu 16/01/2003 14:42edit, standardise spellings Thu 16/01/2003 14:29edit, make 2002 2003 [[http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-i18n-geo/2003Jan/0020.html  </s>
<s> Richard Ishida W3C  </s>
<s> Did you see the bidi message I posted friday?  </s>
<s> Tex Texin cell: +1 781 789 1898 mailto:Tex@XenCraft.com Xen Master http://www.i18nGuy.com  </s>
<s> XenCraft http://www.XenCraft.com  </s>
<s> Making e-Business Work Around the World  </s>
<s> Richard, you are right about the Unicode definition of graphic character  </s>
