<s> Telecon Monday, Jan 22, 10:00-11:30 Eastern USA Time (GMT -05:00) on the MIT bridge (+1 617-258-7910).  </s>
<s> Agenda A. How do we evaluate alternate pages, e.g. from web sites that generate different views of pages on a server ?  </s>
<s> Cf. recent email from wendy [1] and Kynn [2] B. AERT Open Issues.  </s>
<s> Wendy and I made some proposals to close some open issues.  </s>
<s> The open issues list is at [3].  </s>
<s> Please search for word "Proposal" to quickly get to the items.  </s>
<s> C. Face to face meeting.  </s>
<s> We shall be meeting as a group Thursday.  </s>
<s> The afternoon will be a joint meeting with GL and AU. Plus: There will be an ad-hoc subgroup meeting among people interested in the nitty gritty RDF notation of EARL on Friday, during the technique breakout sessions of WCAG.  </s>
<s> This will be a working meeting aimed at a common understanding that can be used for writing real code.  </s>
<s> Who's interested in the ad-hoc subgroup meeting?  </s>
<s> Len [1] http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/w3c-wai-er-ig/2001Jan/0036.html [2] http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/w3c-wai-er-ig/2001Jan/0038.html [3] http://www.w3.org/WAI/ER/IG/ert/ert-open-issues.html  </s>
<s> Leonard R. Kasday, Ph.D. Institute on Disabilities/UAP and Dept. of Electrical Engineering at Temple University (215) 204-2247 (voice) (800) 750-7428 (TTY) Chair, W3C Web Accessibility Initiative Evaluation and Repair Tools Group The WAVE web page accessibility evaluation assistant:  </s>
<s> FYI, I'd like to be there but unfortunately 7:00 a.m. is pretty near impossible for me to wake up for.  </s>
<s> :) My regrets, but if I have any additional thoughts on the topic I'll try to get them out there before the meeting.  </s>
<s> --Kynn Kynn Bartlett kynn@idyllmtn.com  </s>
<s> I am very interested in it, but I cannot do it friday.  </s>
<s> Charles C. Face to face meeting.  </s>
<s> We shall be meeting as a group Thursday.  </s>
<s> The afternoon will be a joint meeting with GL and AU. Plus: There will be an ad-hoc subgroup meeting among people interested in the nitty gritty RDF notation of EARL on Friday, during the technique breakout sessions of WCAG.  </s>
<s> This will be a working meeting aimed at a common understanding that can be used for writing real code.  </s>
<s> Who's interested in the ad-hoc subgroup meeting?  </s>
<s> Len  </s>
