RDFCore WG 2001-06-07 Teleconference minutes Transcript: Agenda: Roll call: Participants: - Art Barstow - Dave Beckett (.5 scribe) - Dan Brickley (chair) - Brian McBride (chair) - Jos De Roo - Bill dehOra - Mike Dean - Jan Grant (.5 scribe) - R.V. Guha - Pat Hayes - Ora Lassila - Frank Manola - Eric Miller - Stephen Petschulat - Aaron Swartz Regrets: Martyn Horner, Graham Klyne Review Agenda: - Jos De Roo: would like some discussion on the containers, reification issues for AOB if time. 
Minutes of the last meeting: with correction Confirm following actions completed: D1: Dan Brickley send analysis (#rdf-container-syntax-ambiguity and #rdf-containers-syntax-vs-schema)to rdfcore-wg list DONE. 
D2: Brian McBride edit the errata per the resolutions above; i.e. those regarding #rdf-ns-prefix-confusion. 
[ArtB to work with Brian to get Brian write access to the errata and to determine a strategy for maintaining the appropriate documents.] 
DONE. 
ACTION: JUN-01-01-#3: Jos: review the test cases for rdfms-empty-property-element DONE. 
ACTION: JUN-01-01-#4: DaveB: review the test cases for rdfms-empty-property-element DONE. 
ACTION: JUN-01-01-#7: Jan: summarize what XML-Base might do for RDF. 
DONE. 
ACTION: JUN-01-01-#8: DanC: send a note to the WG that points out the bug in the spec regarding aboutEach DONE. 
Review status of following actions: A1: Dan Brickley: Solicit RDF feature usage info from Guha and report back to the group. 
DONE. 
A4: Guha: re #rdfms-reification-required: Present analaysis to list for discussion. 
CONTINUES. 
ACTION: JUN-01-01-#1: Martyn: create test cases rdfms-resource-semantics CONTINUES. 
ACTION: JUN-01-01-#2: FrankM: create tests case for reification. 
CONTINUES. 
(Frank reports these as under development) ACTION: JUN-01-01-#5: Eric: investigate a test case repository for the WG. 
The repository must facilitat WG members adding and modifying test cases. 
CONTINUES. 
(Eric reports team access to repository in place) ACTION: JUN-01-01-#9: Ora: send a note to the WG that describes how aboutEach is being used and how it was implemented CONTINUES. 
Issues discussion: Issue #1 Owner: Jan Grant Consensus that the test cases are OK. RESOLUTION: the consolidated test cases represent RDFCore's decision on this; the issue can be closed once those test cases are all in one place. 
AP: 2001-06-08#1: Jan: Consolidate, renumber and repost test cases. 
Issue #2 Owner: Dan Brickley Some discussion about the behaviour of various RDF implementations with regard to (re-)numbering container members. 
The consensus seemed to be that RDFMS did not preclude an RDF implementation from handling partial descriptions of containers. 
Aaron: pointed out this didn't resolve the open syntax issues. 
AP: 2001-06-08#2: Dan Brickley: write this up in more detail for the list AP: 2001-06-08#3: Brian McBride: pick up on the syntax issues now the model details have been clarified. 
Issue #3 Owner: Aaron Swartz Aaron: summarised earlier email discussing this Aaron: Leaning towards proposal #2 Dave Beckett: third proposal: much code seems to treat rdf:ID and rdf:about as effectively synonyms. 
The triples generated would be the same. 
AP: 2001-06-08#4: Brian McBride to write up this third proposed interpretation CONTINUES. 
Issue #4 Owner: Jan Grant Discussion revolved around whether admitting this to RDFMS was in scope; their were concerns about versioning requirements since new documents using xml:base would produce different output on older parsers. 
Pat: making RDF malleable in the face of future changes to XML:Base is not a good thing. 
AP: 2001-06-08#5: Eric: to talk to the XLM Processing Workshop about RDF requirements from XML:Base CONTINUES. 
(Take to email) Review of updated issues list document: AP: 2001-06-08#6: ALL: comments to list Date of next meeting: One week, 2001-06-15. 
(The phone number to be advised, but it should remain constant until September) jan grant, ILRT, University of Bristol. 
http://www.ilrt.bris.ac.uk/ 
Unfortunately, I have a very good idea how fast my keys are moving. 
Hmm... I thought I had sent regrets; anyway, I am pretty sure I wasn't there - Ora Ora Lassila, mailto:ora.lassila@nokia.com, 
+1 (781) 993-4603 Research Fellow, Nokia Research Center / Boston Hi Ora, I've checked my mail archive and the list archive and I can't find your 'regrets'. 
If there was some glitch in the mail system, forward your copy and we'll correct the minutes. 
Brian I was in today's call. 
Ron Daniel Jr. Standards Architect Visit www.interwoven.com 
Moving Business to the Web I believe the wg DECIDED that RDF which contains partial descriptions of containers is legal and that this issue is resolved. 
Brian Was Guha present. 
I seem to recall calling for him on the call and getting no response. 
Brian IRC only; there was some initial confusion about whether he was on the phone. 
jan grant, ILRT, University of Bristol. 
http://www.ilrt.bris.ac.uk/ and Nostradamus never dreamed of the Church of the Accellerated Worm Whilst I applaud folks doing there best to attend as best they can, when access to a phone is not possible. 
I suggest however that being present on irc does not qualify as attending the telecon. 
(If this is contrary to normal W3C practise, the do let me know). 
Perhaps in future we should show explicitly in the minutes those who are monitoring the meeting on irc. 
Brian 
