<s> Hello, Reminder: We're having our regular IRC meeting tomorrow.  </s>
<s> Venue: #validator on freenode Time: 17:00 CET (18:00 EET) year=2004&amp;month=4&amp;day=6&amp;hour=15&amp;min=0&amp;sec=0  </s>
<s> Agenda: I haven't seen news from Dodji yet, so I assume he did not have time to implement what we discussed last meeting.  </s>
<s> I'm therefore tempted by the following agenda: * Checklink: - lessons learned from release - making checklink (tool) and checklink (service on w3.org) behave nicely - what next * Markup Validator: - Scheduling beta + release - now?  </s>
<s> - the cataloguing issue - what's next OK for 1h30, everyone?  </s>
<s> or do you think we'll need 2h?  </s>
<s> Also, please suggest agenda items if you think I missed anything.  </s>
<s> olivier  </s>
<s> Hey,  </s>
<s> Sorry for my silence.  </s>
<s> I went forward in the plan we defined.  </s>
<s> Now, libcroco provides parsing location (line/col/byte offset) for all the CSS language constructions available at the SAC level.  </s>
<s> I haven't started to work on the structured error reporting architecture yet.  </s>
<s> You still can start testing the library.  </s>
<s> I use GNU ARCH as source control management in development mode.  </s>
<s> The GNOME CVS is just a stable repository where a merge code from the GNU arch repository from time to time.  </s>
<s> To know how to access the public GNU ARCH source archive of libcroco you can read Cheers, Dodji.  </s>
<s> Selon olivier Thereaux ot@w3.org  </s>
<s> :  </s>
<s> as Ville wrote to me, this is not clear, if not completely wrong.  </s>
<s> I am admittedly lost in timezones and summer time shift...  </s>
<s> So to be clear, this will be 16:00 UK, 17:00 France / Norway, 18:00 Finland, 24:00 Japan.  </s>
<s> I should indeed give a reference time in UTC next time.  </s>
<s> Hope to talk to all of you then.  </s>
<s> olivier  </s>
<s> Salut Dodji,  </s>
<s> No problem, I hope my remark did not seem harsh, it would be perfectly fine if you didn't have time to work on it, and it's even better if you did! :)  </s>
<s> Thanks.  </s>
<s> I guess we'll spend a little time during the meeting discussing how we should go forward w.r.t this.  </s>
<s> I don't think we should spend too long on the topic, though.  </s>
<s> You're obviously most welcome to join the meeting.  </s>
<s> olivier  </s>
<s> Thanks !  </s>
<s> I will then ;) See you.  </s>
<s> Dodji.  </s>
<s> Here is a summary of our IRC meeting on April 6th, 2004.  </s>
<s> The meeting started with a discussion about libcroco, with Bjoern and Nick asking for a snapshot release of Dodji's modifications, so that they can test it easily.  </s>
<s> Agenda 1 : Link checker The release went well, and the main feedback is the (old) issue of the link checker not following the robots exclusion protocol.  </s>
<s> While Bjoern and Olivier don't think it should be absolutely necessary, there is a need for the instance on validator.w3.org to behave nicely, and Ville will work on implementing the protocol by using LWP::RobotUA.  </s>
<s> The main problem with RobotUA is that its constructor needs an e-mail address for contact.  </s>
<s> But the link checker can be used without any configuration at all, and this means that it would need to guess a good contact e-mail or put a default one.  </s>
<s> Among all the possible solutions (default would be serveradmin, or an address at w3c, or a bogus address, or override the constructor to not need an address), none seemed to get everyone's vote, and the issue will have to be solved on the list.  </s>
<s> In the meantime Ville will override the constructor (if no e-mail given in config?) Agenda 2 : Markup Validator We discussed the timeline for the 0.6.5 release and beyond...  </s>
<s> We are going to work on a low-profile beta for 0.6.5b2, and a rapid release.  </s>
<s> The fact that HEAD has gone far into development while features were added and bugs were fixed in 0.6 branch may not have been the best strategy, not to mention the issue with people downloading HEAD by default.  </s>
<s> = after the release, HEAD and 0.6 branch will be merged (bringing templates in) and advanced development will not be done in HEAD but in a new branch...  </s>
<s> We will need to be careful (disciplined) to make our development easier to manage, smaller releases, more frequent and less feature-rich.  </s>
<s> [[ ACTION - Terje to Document current and planned CVS Branch layout ]]  </s>
<s> Nick suggested trying/looking at mod_validator for the multi-parser architecture, and will install a test instance on the qa-dev server for all to play with.  </s>
<s> The issues about cataloguing were quickly discussed, and we agreed that they could not be fixed just now.  </s>
<s> More in the IRC log, trimmed and (lightly) edited.  </s>
<s> olivier  </s>
<s> -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE----- Hash: SHA1  </s>
<s> Ok, here goes... :-) There are currently two main branches in CVS; HEAD and validator-0_6_0-branch.  </s>
<s> ??validator-0_6_0-branch?? is misnamed; it's really ?????-0_6-branch??.  </s>
<s> On this branch is 0.6.0, 0.6.1, 0.6.2, and 0.6.5 (including betas); and each of them has a tag corresponding with the version or release number.  </s>
<s> HEAD has no (relevant) tags.  </s>
<s> The status of ??validator-0_6_0-branch?? is as we've discussed; it needs some work to be releaseable, but is otherwise in fairly good shape.  </s>
<s> HEAD is in a semi-working state, including major new feature work (Templates chief among them), but rather far diverged from ???-0_6_0-branch and merging them is going to be a bit of a pain.  </s>
<s> The immediate plan once 0.6.5 is out, is to merge 0.6.5 back onto HEAD and then feature-freeze the ???-0_6_0-branch.  </s>
<s> That is, _only_ absolutely critical bugfixes ??? of the type that are then imediately `cvs up`ed on v.w3.org ??? should go in after the merge.  </s>
<s> Once 0.6.5 and HEAD have been merged, I'm thinking we immediately branch ??validator-0_7-branch??.  </s>
<s> This branch starts out beeing feature-frozen (unlike 0.6.0 did), with only stabilization work getting done.  </s>
<s> New features that are well contained and stable get added on HEAD, and the 0.7.0 branch gets merged back onto the trunk regularly.  </s>
<s> The intent is that once 0.7.0 gets released we can, if we have enough new features yet, immediately branch HEAD into a (feature-frozen) 0.8 branch and repeat the process.  </s>
<s> That way, HEAD is always in a more or less runnable state (roughly alpha quality) and it never gets too far diverged from the current release train branch.  </s>
<s> Any major and destabilizing work gets done on its own branch; the existing Template work and the future modularization work beeing prime candidates.  </s>
<s> For these branches, whoever makes the branch is responsible for keeping it in sync with HEAD.  </s>
<s> Merges happen from HEAD to branch ??? instead of the other way around ??? until the new feature work is ready to be merged back onto HEAD and integrated into the next version released.  </s>
<s> A quick illustration is at http://qa-dev.w3.org/wmvs/wmv-cvs-branches.png ; no specific relation to current devel plans, just meant to illustrate the setup I'm talking about.  </s>
<s> :-) Comments?  </s>
<s> ...publicity rights, moral rights, and rights against unfair competition...  </s>
<s> Well, you've got me there.  </s>
<s> I have no idea what any of those have to do with SGML.  </s>
<s> Next you'll be claiming that running NSGMLS constitutes an unauthorized public performance of SGML.  </s>
<s> -- Richard Tobin -----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE----- Version: PGP SDK 3.0.3  </s>
<s> iQA/AwUBQHhmUqPyPrIkdfXsEQKCbgCfYiwEHvYNxgDcHNbfpAhsf7fDcIAAoMCg GHPeqGVbfIjW22ezx1GgbJyE =tGkk -----END PGP SIGNATURE-----  </s>
