<s> I propose to cancel this weeks telecon and schedule another for 12 Mar 2004, if needed.  </s>
<s> I would like to get moving on comments on the TAG architecture document.  </s>
<s> Jan - are you still up for reviewing?  </s>
<s> Can we aim to get other comments in by the end of this week and agreement by email next week?  </s>
<s> Brian  </s>
<s> > I propose to cancel this weeks telecon and schedule another for 12 Mar 2004, if needed.  </s>
<s> > I would like to get moving on comments on the TAG architecture document.  </s>
<s> > Jan - are you still up for reviewing?  </s>
<s> > Can we aim to get other comments in by the end of this week and agreement by email next week?  </s>
<s> > Brian I think that means we will not formally respond to I18N on the charmod comments, shall I tell them that we do not intend to, but that the e-mail discussion has not shown any disagreement.  </s>
<s> e.g.  </s>
<s> I have informed the RDF Core WG of your decisions, and no one has indicated unhappiness - however we have not formally discussed these issues; and are not likely to.  </s>
<s> Jeremy  </s>
<s> >> I propose to cancel this weeks telecon and schedule another for 12 Mar 2004, if needed.  </s>
<s> >> I would like to get moving on comments on the TAG architecture document.  </s>
<s> >> Jan - are you still up for reviewing?  </s>
<s> >> Can we aim to get other comments in by the end of this week and agreement by email next week?  </s>
<s> >> Brian > I think that means we will not formally respond to I18N on the charmod comments, shall I tell them that we do not intend to, but that the e-mail discussion has not shown any disagreement.  </s>
<s> Ah.  </s>
<s> Is this a problem.  </s>
<s> Have I understood correctly they are going through last call again anyway.  </s>
<s> > e.g.  </s>
<s> I have informed the RDF Core WG of your decisions, and no one has indicated unhappiness > - however we have not formally discussed these issues; > and are not likely to.  </s>
<s> > Jeremy When is the deadline?  </s>
<s> I'm prepared to decide by email so we can formally respond by email.  </s>
<s> Brian  </s>
<s> > I propose to cancel this weeks telecon Im assuming that they are all cancelled unless I hear otherwise.  </s>
<s> Maybe that should be our default?  </s>
<s> > and schedule another for 12 Mar 2004, if needed.  </s>
<s> > I would like to get moving on comments on the TAG architecture document.  </s>
<s> I still plan to write a rather long diatribe on this if I can find the time.  </s>
<s> I doubt if the rest of the WG will endorse all of it but I will send it along asap, hopefully some time next week.  </s>
<s> Pat IHMC(850)434 8903 or (650)494 3973 home 40 South Alcaniz St.(850)202 4416 office FL 32501(850)291 0667 cell phayes@ihmc.us  </s>
<s> http://www.ihmc.us/users/phayes  </s>
<s> Likewise, whether or not anyone else in the WG agrees with any of my own personal comments, c.f. http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/www-archive/2004Feb/0003.html Patrick >> I propose to cancel this weeks telecon > Im assuming that they are all cancelled unless I hear otherwise.  </s>
<s> > Maybe that should be our default?  </s>
<s> >> and schedule another for 12 Mar 2004, if needed.  </s>
<s> >> I would like to get moving on comments on the TAG architecture document.  </s>
<s> > I still plan to write a rather long diatribe on this if I can find the time.  </s>
<s> > I doubt if the rest of the WG will endorse all of it but I will send it along asap, hopefully some time next week.  </s>
<s> > Pat > IHMC(850)434 8903 or (650)494 3973 home > 40 South Alcaniz St.(850)202 4416 office > FL 32501(850)291 0667 cell > phayes@ihmc.us  </s>
<s> http://www.ihmc.us/users/phayes  </s>
<s> > Patrick Stickler > Nokia, Finland > patrick.stickler@nokia.com  </s>
<s> > Ah. > Is this a problem.  </s>
<s> > Have I understood correctly they are going through last call again anyway.  </s>
<s> Yes - I could change my draft informal response to indicate that if we have any other formal response it will be included in our LC review comments on their new documents.  </s>
<s> >> e.g. >> I have informed the RDF Core WG of your decisions, and no one has indicated unhappiness >> - however we have not formally discussed these issues; >> and are not likely to.  </s>
<s> > When is the deadline?  </s>
<s> > I'm prepared to decide by email so we can formally respond by email.  </s>
<s> Two weeks from when I received the message .... i.e. during Cannes - I suspect that is also the real deadline, in that I imagine they want to make their final decisions at Cannes I am happy to draft a formal response that is pretty vacuous, for e-mail vote.  </s>
<s> Jeremy  </s>
<s> >> I propose to cancel this weeks telecon > Im assuming that they are all cancelled unless I hear otherwise.  </s>
<s> > Maybe that should be our default?  </s>
<s> That is a reasonable working assumption.  </s>
<s> I've been announcing telecon's in advance and cancelling if not needed to keep within w3c process.  </s>
<s> Brian  </s>
<s> > I am happy to draft a formal response that is pretty vacuous, for e-mail vote.  </s>
<s> Please do.  </s>
<s> Brian  </s>
