Attached, draft of minutes from last week. 
Sorry for the lag. 
RDFCore telecon 2003-03-28 (2 hrs) Summary of NEW actions: ACTION: danbri review OWL Reference when published as Last Call ACTION: Brian review OWL Reference when published as Last Call ACTION: JanG review OWL Semantics when published as Last Call ACTION: Brian to review CC/PP spec for next friday ACTION: brian to put pointers on web page to Shadow TR ACTION: brian to update shadow TR for Semantics ACTION: Dave Beckett to get edits for Syntax from XML Schema review ACTION: Jeremy to update Concepts in light of XML Schema LC review ACTION: Frank to check for editorial actions on Primer from XML Schema LC reviewACTION: DanBri to check for editorial actions on Schema from XML Schema LC review ACTION: gk send rseponse on macgregor-02 ACTION: jjc send rseponse on danc-01 ACTION: dave to check on whether status of 'notes' should be informative vs normative ACTION: jeremy to add anchors to Concepts for def of canonicalistion, and for Impl Note ACTION: jermemy update proposal on tex-01 ACTION jermemy to email i18n to get written confirmation re advice they give on normal form C for IRIs (affirm, withdraw?) Agenda: Transcript: 1.Volunteer Scribe: Jan Grant volunteered. 
Thanks Jan! 2: Roll Call Regrets: Dan Connolly, Eric Miller Participants: DanBri (scribe) Frank Manola Graham Klyne Mike Dean Jeremy Carroll Brian McBride Dave Beckett Jan Grant 3: Review Agenda AOB: some discussion of the document that you get if you HTTP GET on the RDF uri ref danbri: is that M+S only or RDFS too? 
dave: mostly former 4: Next telecon 04 Apr 2003 1000 Boston Time Volunteer Scribe: Jan Grant volunteered. 
Thanks Jan! 5: Minutes of 21 Mar 2003 telecon Approved. 
6: Confirm Status of Completed Actions All recorded as DONE. 
7: Last call review of webont docs log: Congratulations to WebOnt on their decision to go to LC (except Test Cases, which will follow) Jeremy: TC didn't go LC, as Tests are incorrect brian: need to find reviewers for the reference document they asked for Reference, Semantics, TestCases ...latter not appropriate (yet) volunteers? 
timescale: 24st april, draft review to list see also: Reviewing Owl documents From: Brian McBride (bwm@hplb.hpl.hp.com) Date: Mon, Mar 24 2003 danbri: I intend to review Reference, but am overloaded so is at risk. 
Jang: I'll review semantics brian: anyone else got time to commit to doing Reference? 
jjc: since January, S+AS has improved in a linear fashion; Ref change was non-linear brian: I'll review OWL Reference ACTION: danbri review OWL Reference when published as Last Call ACTION: Brian review OWL Reference when published as Last Call ACTION: JanG review OWL Semantics when published as Last Call 8: Last call review of cc/pp doc Call for reviewers. 
see http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/w3c-rdfcore-wg/2003Mar/0162.html log: ACTION: Brian to review CC/PP spec for next friday 9: Editors Drafts see:http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/w3c-rdfcore-wg/2003Mar/0148.html log:http://ilrt.org/discovery/chatlogs/rdfcore/2003-03-28#T15-22-16 
ACTION: brian to put pointers on web page to Shadow TR ACTION: brian to update shadow TR for Semantics brian: ...when we are sending responses, we should point to things that are in the archived record. 
...i'll point to current docs in shadow TR as editors WDs ...Pat, can I copy yours, put it up there/ 10: Status on Incoming Last Call Comments log:http://ilrt.org/discovery/chatlogs/rdfcore/2003-03-28#T15-40-21 
discussion of 2003-03-14#1 (jang): take a final pass of the comments list to identify remaining items that have not been dealt with or been assigned process numbers Jang: will get to this early next week -Have editors reviewed the editorial comments from the xml schema WG? ACTION: Dave Beckett to get edits for Syntax from XML Schema review ACTION: Jeremy to update Concepts in light of XML Schema LC review ACTION: Frank to check for editorial actions on Primer from XML Schema LC review ACTION: DanBri to check for editorial actions on Schema from XML Schema LC review Handling late comments. 
brian: better shape than we were ...but new stuff just come in, SVG dave: 4 weeks after LC ended, still ack'ing comments ...should say 'sorry but no' danbri: obligation is for the period announced, but ...we can say 'we don't plan to treat this as a formal LC comment, but we nevertheless value it and will bring to attention of the WG and editors' dave: do we have to handle comments forever? 
I close two, two more arrive... jjc: i think it depends on the substance of the comment ...if it results in an improvement, we should look at it ...some are a waste of time frank: two dimensions here ...if someone points out a ghastly error, we have to be responsible ...but process perspective is w.r.t. formal comments during LC ...we have to have a cut off date dave: we're now two months after start of LC ...date should be today brian: i disagree with this ...with having a fixed date dave: hard to progress brian: we have to balance a number of things ...have to get finished ...formally, process is that the Call ended ...WG has discretion to accept comments after the deadline ...in a sense dave is right, deadline was when set ...anything since, accepted out of goodness of our hearts ...as frank says, if glaring error we shouldn't ignore ...also politcal aspect, if we get comments from other WGs, we should err on the accepting side ...as need to build relationships with other WGs see logs for full discussion: brian: is there support for taking view... be polite... receptive... with comments from now on, we'll decide collectively whether to feed them into LC process danbri: what do you mean collectively? 
use telecon time to discuss whether to disucss... pat: discuss on list, editors should be primary filter brian: yup. 
default is still to accept ...editors can say 'this is a waste of time..., we can ignore this time' danbri: we have a standing invitation to the world to send RDF comments to www-rdf-comments. 
they're just trying to be helpful... 11: Status on responses to Last Call Comments log:http://ilrt.org/discovery/chatlogs/rdfcore/2003-03-28#T15-58-35 
Awaiting responses to: [missed detail of discussion] ACTION: gk send rseponse on macgregor-02 ACTION: jjc send rseponse on danc-01 12: Schedule log:http://ilrt.org/discovery/chatlogs/rdfcore/2003-03-28#T15-59-52 
brian: current microschedule "now seems a tad optimistic :(" Noting www 2003: http://www2003.org/ 
20-24th May 2003 brian: WWW2003 looms ...a good thing to aim for, to stand up and say something 'good' ...such as 'we processed and integrated all LC review comments' May 24th? 
pat: that's reasonable danbri: a reasoonable goal jjc: as a goal, couldn't guarantee gk: too long! 
jjc: i can only spent 1.5-2 days / week on RDFCore currnetly pat: have we more substnative things to do? 
dotting is and crossing ts and fixing little bugs 13: Issues reagle-01, reagle-02 log:http://ilrt.org/discovery/chatlogs/rdfcore/2003-03-28#T16-07-20 
Proposal from Jeremy: See: jjc: we discussed this previously essense of change... to present in the specs model in whuch syntax spec does all the work + then add impl notes that say one can be a valid implementation by not doing the canonicalisation (?bad scribe notes?) dave: general outline is good jjc: implementation note in concepts is key point. 
...impl are free to represent things in other forms (...) jjc: ref to non-exclusive canonicalisaion gets dropped ACTION: dave to check on whether status of 'notes' should be informative vs normative dave: re reagle-01/2, is it 2 faced to say 'do it this way, but you don't have to' ACTION: jeremy to add anchors to Concepts for def of canonicalistion, and for Impl Note RESOLVED: accept jjc's proposal (unanimously) 14: Issue pfps-04,pfps-05,pfps-06,pfps-07,pfps-10 log:http://ilrt.org/discovery/chatlogs/rdfcore/2003-03-28#T16-20-23 
brian: who else could pick it up? 
...jang, your review? 
jang: basically positive. 
could be more explicit in a few places context: review semantics editor's draft wrt changed arising out of pfps-04 -05 -06 -07 -08 -10 brian: pat, you're off email until mid next week anyway ...may as well put it off another week. 
gk if you manage the review, that'd be great. 
if not, we will have to go with the 1 we have. 
15: Issue horrocks-01 log:http://ilrt.org/discovery/chatlogs/rdfcore/2003-03-28#T16-26-26 
See: discussed action 2003-03-14#11 (path) produce words for a resolution to horrocks-01 pat: prob do thurs next week 16: Issue tex-01 log:http://ilrt.org/discovery/chatlogs/rdfcore/2003-03-28#T16-26-49 
Jeremy's proposal to resolve: jjc: in a way quite sim to canon'n one ...sol'n is similar ...move effort into an impl note ...on other hand opposite ...should lang tag be normalised to lowercase? 
...ab syntax suggests should lowercase ...an i18n reviewer (not a Group comment) was concerned that lowercase norm'n was incorrect ...so should add a note saying 'only for purposes of abstract syntax that it is lc' brian: why nromalise this way? 
jjc: we wanted graph to be tidy with low effort ..if literals equal, need to be identical ...rfc3066 on lang tags, they're case insensitive ...tidyness violated by = instead of == test ...so we normalise pat: we could normalise to uppercase jjc: why not, we don't care b: why not say isn't a case insensitive compare? 
p: graphs become untidy d: i don't like that p: just say that component of the literal is a 'language tag', and identity for those defined elsewhere p: some doc somewhere should draw readers attention to lc caselesness b: we were told not to normalise to lowercase ...why that not work for you, j? j: we could say in 'lit equality, two lits compare equal if...' j: I'll come back with that proposal ACTION: jermemy update proposal on tex-01 17: Issue tex-02 irc: http://ilrt.org/discovery/chatlogs/rdfcore/2003-03-28#T16-36-28-1 
Jeremy's proposal to postpone: [discussion] danbri: i rec postponment, but being careful to track this and related issues for drafting of future WG charters brian: i think we should postpone jang notes on a design: RESOLVED: accept http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/w3c-rdfcore-wg/2003Mar/0155.html - amended to empaphasize that the proposed equals operation is inappropriate for the graph mechanism (2 abstained) 18: Issue williams-02 log:http://ilrt.org/discovery/chatlogs/rdfcore/2003-03-28#T16-52-47 
Jeremy's proposal: jjc: I heard from MartinD, that i18n now no longer think normal form C good for IRIs ...they like it for Literals though ...but for IRIs, not mandatory or even suggested jjc: we need an email from them saying that ...if we get that, and amend Concepts accordingly ...then our def of a URIref is same as Namespaces1.1's notion of an IRIref jjc: message ref'd from agenda should use IRIref, not IRI jjc: duplication not as good as reference... ACTION jermemy to email i18n to get written confirmation re advice they give on normal form C for IRIs (affirm, withdraw?) gk: stablitiy of IRI spec... it's still up for discussion ...how to deal w/ how chars such as SPACE, ' ', ' ' in an IRI are to be encoded in (say) RDF/XML. 
Also note some discussion about additional chars in IRIs noted at IETF URI BOF ..also gen concerns about stability of cited txt ...as it is a piece of text that says it'll itself be replaced at some point danbri: do we know whether test cases need changes? 
jjc: 3 or 4 testcases would have to change jos: commenting on gk's.... ...namespaces 1.1 is in CR, just point to that, whatever they do... ...i support idea of IRIrefs as used in CR frank: i oppose notion of changing to say 'IRIs' ...i believe it might be appropriate to have a note that our syntax for rdf urirefs is in fact an iri as defined in this doc ...but i prefer to have our pointer for such a basic concept not to be to an XML spec, but to a web arch spec of some kind pat: me too danbri: q+ to express concern about URI2IRI b: there isn't one that defines IRIs as chair, mindful to avoid change unless well motivated ADJOURNED. 
I believe the scribe for this telecon was Dan Brickley, so thanks are due to Dan ;) I believe the minutes were approved. 
I don't think we approved the irc log. 
Brian Yeah, I'm down to scribe today I think. 
Incidentally I'll be in the iMac keyboard again so read " where you see @ in the transcript :-/ jan grant, ILRT, University of Bristol. 
http://www.ilrt.bris.ac.uk/ Generalisation is never appropriate. 
* Brian McBride bwm@hplb.hpl.hp.com [2003-04-04 15:29+0100] Ah, I thought this was re volunteering for the subsequent week Correct, sorry; should've been clearer that it was a 'for info' thing. 
Dan I suggest a clarification: Under tex-02 item 17 the minutes state RESOLVED: accept - amended to empaphasize that the proposed equals operation is inappropriate for the graph mechanism (2 abstained) I think it would be clearer to have RESOLVED: postponed as in - amended to empaphasize that the proposed equals operation is inappropriate for the graph mechanism (2 abstained) Jeremy 
