TO:w3c-wai-gl@w3.org ?Reception on telephone call very bad?(for us Aussies at least) ? 
so apologies if minutes are not accurate. 
Get back to me with changes. 
W3C teleconference 08.03.02 ATTENDEES: Gian Sampson-Wild Jason White Andi Loretta Wendy Lisa Lee Roberts Dina Slydon Ben Caldwell Jenae ?? ?JS: 
Agenda: F2F meeting agenda, finish guidelines for next working draft for internal publication (ready for F2F meeting) WC: Draft agenda published on meeting page. 
Saturday 9am- techniques breakout session. 
Andi published first draft of HTML techniques. 
Afternoon meet with WAI interest group (2- 4 or 1.30- 3 TBD). 
Sunday morning meeting with EO, Sunday afternoon WCAG WG (checkpoint 3.3 and 3.4). 
GSW: When should telecon people attend? 
WC: Saturday afternoon and Sunday afternoon for those joining by phone. 
LS: Can only attend F2F by telecon on Sunday, so can Checkpoint 3.3 and 3.4 wait until then? 
WC: Couple of issues of WCAG 2.0 that need to be clarified by W3C. 
Has everyone registered? 
Important to have the right size bridge JW &amp; GSW: Have not registered. 
WC: List of attendees not public. 
If anyone has any ideas for agenda, please send to list or email Wendy directly. 
Andi: Would success criteria be a good agenda item ? 
to ensure testability JW: Would be worth discussing at a teleconference. 
?? Could come out in techniques breakout session WC: Could I have an idea who will be working on what techniques/ideas on breakout session on Saturday morning? 
need to break into sub-groups of similar interests. 
So can people show up with some idea of what to talk about. 
WC: EO will have frequently asked questions ? 
Lisa and Graham to write. 
LS: Finished draft, hasn?t been posted to the list yet. 
Will chase that up. 
WC: Has it been sent to EO? LS: It?s been sent to someone because we have received feedback. 
WC: Please chase it up and send to WCAG and EO ASAP so people can consider it. 
WC: Any other topics to take to EO? EO ? 
produce curriculum, quick tip cards, business cards, a lot to support technical work in guidelines group, make things easier to read and to reach a wider audience. 
Do we have any questions for them or things they need to review? 
Please send to the list. 
JW: There may be some EO documents we will be asked to review. 
Therefore there might be some messages to the list before the F2F to review. 
JW: Next draft is for internal use for the WG, plan to refine it further before made public. 
LS: Will Checkpoint 3.3 be rewritten? 
JW: Jo is still working on it, and would like LS to be involved. 
Issues that Jo has found, will have been put into an email, and wanting to work with LS on it. 
Action item still open. 
LS:???? JW: Work on proposal of success criteria and work on any concerns that could arise from that proposal. 
LS: Right that checkpoint 3.3 does not belong there, but where does it belong? 
Feedback from people in disability community- have contact details, so perhaps have them join in this discussion. 
Maybe we should email draft, and see how they would like to word it. 
JW: proposal was we get a draft for revised success criteria for 3.3, then incorporate issues of other checkpoints. 
Either done as a proposal in near future, or when next internal draft comes out JW: Any other issues people would like to discuss? 
JW: Discussion on the list for rewording the guidelines. 
GSW: From email, three sections GSW: Like it, because it splits into sections that show the areas that help people with disabilities LS: Rewrite it to group the information, if you were trying to give a 4 minute talk about accessibility, what would the groupings there be? 
Looking at all the guidelines people were writing, split into three or four comments and if people really followed them without WCAG they would have an accessible site GSW: Isn?t this what Paul has done? 
LS: Don?t think by themselves it is possible to follow them, second option isn?t descriptive enough. 
JW: Serious problems with Paul?s proposal, because when talking about the guidelines, they are supposed to say ?what are the properties/qualities of a web site to be accessible?, and current sections really capture the guidelines, therefore much more useful and more convenient way of categorising, as opposed to the platitudes in latest proposal. 
LS proposal interesting, as high level guidelines always were supposed to capture guidelines underneath. 
Somehow we need to capture the main concerns of a guideline. 
We need some kind of explanation on how to implement these things, even if not stated in contents of guidelines and checkpoints. 
Do we want additional information for people to approach the task appropriately. 
LS: Problem with accessibility is people get caught up on success criteria. 
Modular approach ? 
could have various different ways, main point make sure people know why they?re doing what they?re doing. 
JW: Whenever interpretive questions arrive about a certain guideline questions should be to the principle of the guideline, does the implementation of the checkpoint follow the spirit of the guideline. 
Checkpoints are details, whereas main concept is in the text of the guideline. 
Andi??: When discussing whether information belongs under one checkpoint or another we go back to the guideline. 
JW: Need more comments on proposal to see if it goes anywhere or not. 
Would people like to review over the next week or so. 
??: Can?t make any decisions until author joins us teleconferences. 
GSW: Does Paul ever make it to teleconferences? 
JW: Yes JW: Clarified agenda for F2F meeting, 3.3 checkpoint and high-level guidelines. 
Cheers, Gian Gian Sampson-Wild Accessibility Specialist Member: Web Content Accessibility Group Working Group W3C Web Accessibility Initiative Stanley &amp; Milford A Software Communication Group Company Level 16 644 Chapel Street South Yarra VIC 3141 Australia Mob. 0404 498 030 Email gian@stanleymilford.com.au 
Web: www.stanleymilford.com.au 
This message contains privileged and confidential information intended only for the use of the addressee named above. 
If you are not the intended recipient of this message you must not disseminate, copy or take any action in reliance on it. 
If you have received this message in error, please notify Software Communication Group immediately. 
Any views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender except where the sender specifically states them to be the views of Software Communication Group. 
LS: ??? Sorry I can not remember what I said. 
TO:w3c-wai-gl@w3.org Revised minutes ?Reception on telephone call very bad?(for us Aussies at least) ? 
so apologies if minutes are not accurate. 
Get back to me with changes. 
W3C teleconference: ?08.03.02? 
Regrets: Cynthia, Graham, Gregg, Paul Bohman? 
ATTENDEES: GSW:?Gian Sampson-Wild? 
JW:?Jason White? 
ASW:?Andi? 
Snow-Weaver? 
LGR:?Loretta?Guarino 
Reid? 
WC: ?Wendy? 
Chisholm? 
LS:?Lisa? 
Seeman? 
LR: Lee Roberts? 
ES:?Eugenia Slaydon? 
BC: ?Ben 
Caldwell? 
JA:?Jenae Andershonis JW?: Agenda: F2F meeting agenda, finish guidelines for next working draft for internal publication (ready for F2F meeting) WC: Draft agenda published on meeting page. 
Saturday 9am- techniques breakout session. 
Andi published first draft of HTML techniques. 
Afternoon meet with WAI interest group (2- 4 or 1.30- 3 TBD). 
Sunday morning meeting with EO, Sunday afternoon WCAG WG (checkpoint 3.3 and 3.4). 
GSW: When should telecon people attend? 
WC: Saturday afternoon and Sunday afternoon for those joining by phone. 
LS: Can only attend F2F by telecon on Sunday, so can Checkpoint 3.3 and 3.4 wait until then? 
WC: Couple of issues of WCAG 2.0 that need to be clarified by W3C. 
Has everyone registered? 
Important to have the right size bridge JW &amp; GSW: Have not registered. 
WC: List of attendees not public. 
If anyone has any ideas for agenda, please send to list or email Wendy directly. 
?JA?: Would success criteria be a good agenda item ? 
to ensure testability JW: Would be worth discussing at a teleconference. 
?? Could come out in techniques breakout session WC: Could I have an idea who will be working on what techniques/ideas on breakout session on Saturday morning? 
need to break into sub-groups of similar interests. 
So can people show up with some idea of what to talk about. 
WC: EO will have frequently asked questions ? 
Lisa and Graham to write. 
LS: Finished draft, hasn?t been posted to the list yet. 
Will chase that up. 
WC: Has it been sent to EO? LS: It?s been sent to someone because we have received feedback. 
WC: Please chase it up and send to WCAG and EO ASAP so people can consider it. 
WC: Any other topics to take to EO? EO ? 
produce curriculum, quick tip cards, business cards, a lot to support technical work in guidelines group, make things easier to read and to reach a wider audience. 
Do we have any questions for them or things they need to review? 
Please send to the list. 
JW: There may be some EO documents we will be asked to review. 
Therefore there might be some messages to the list before the F2F to review. 
JW: Next draft is for internal use for the WG, plan to refine it further before made public. 
LS: Will Checkpoint 3.3 be rewritten? 
JW: Jo is still working on it, and would like LS to be involved. 
Issues that Jo has found, will have been put into an email, and wanting to work with LS on it. 
Action item still open. 
JW: Work on proposal of success criteria and work on any concerns that could arise from that proposal. 
LS: Right that checkpoint 3.3 does not belong there, but where does it belong? 
Feedback from people in disability community- have contact details, so perhaps have them join in this discussion. 
Maybe we should email draft, and see how they would like to word it. 
JW: proposal was we get a draft for revised success criteria for 3.3, then incorporate issues of other checkpoints. 
Either done as a proposal in near future, or when next internal draft comes out JW: Any other issues people would like to discuss? 
JW: Discussion on the list for rewording the guidelines. 
GSW: From email, three sections GSW: Like it, because it splits into sections that show the areas that help people with disabilities LS: Rewrite it to group the information, if you were trying to give a 4 minute talk about accessibility, what would the groupings there be? 
Looking at all the guidelines people were writing, split into three or four comments and if people really followed them without WCAG they would have an accessible site GSW: Isn?t this what Paul has done? 
LS: Don?t think by themselves it is possible to follow them, second option isn?t descriptive enough. 
JW: Serious problems with Paul?s proposal, because when talking about the guidelines, they are supposed to say ?what are the properties/qualities of a web site to be accessible?, and current sections really capture the guidelines, therefore much more useful and more convenient way of categorising, as opposed to the platitudes in latest proposal. 
LS proposal interesting, as high level guidelines always were supposed to capture guidelines underneath. 
Somehow we need to capture the main concerns of a guideline. 
We need some kind of explanation on how to implement these things, even if not stated in contents of guidelines and checkpoints. 
Do we want additional information for people to approach the task appropriately. 
LS: Problem with accessibility is people get caught up on success criteria. 
Modular approach ? 
could have various different ways, main point make sure people know why they?re doing what they?re doing. 
JW: Whenever interpretive questions arrive about a certain guideline questions should be to the principle of the guideline, does the implementation of the checkpoint follow the spirit of the guideline. 
Checkpoints are details, whereas main concept is in the text of the guideline. 
Andi??: When discussing whether information belongs under one checkpoint or another we go back to the guideline. 
JW: Need more comments on proposal to see if it goes anywhere or not. 
Would people like to review over the next week or so. 
??: Can?t make any decisions until author joins us teleconferences. 
GSW: Does Paul ever make it to teleconferences? 
JW: Yes JW: Clarified agenda for F2F meeting, 3.3 checkpoint and high-level guidelines. 
Cheers, Gian Gian Sampson-Wild Accessibility Specialist Member: Web Content Accessibility Group Working Group W3C Web Accessibility Initiative Stanley &amp; Milford A Software Communication Group Company Level 16 644 Chapel Street South Yarra VIC 3141 Australia Mob. 0404 498 030 Email gian@stanleymilford.com.au 
Web: www.stanleymilford.com.au 
This message contains privileged and confidential information intended only for the use of the addressee named above. 
If you are not the intended recipient of this message you must not disseminate, copy or take any action in reliance on it. 
If you have received this message in error, please notify Software Communication Group immediately. 
Any views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender except where the sender specifically states them to be the views of Software Communication Group. 
