<s> Hi folks, this is the weekly call for agenda items for this weeks telecon.  </s>
<s> Please let me have them by 10 am uk time, Thursday (a bit earlier than usual due to other commitments).  </s>
<s> My informal list of possibles includes: Responding to Pat's request to decide whether graphs 'are' sets or bags.  </s>
<s> Plan to base proposal on Jeremy's text.  </s>
<s> Closing off syntax issues as per Dave's message.  </s>
<s> I'm inclined to start with section 2, those we consider out of scope and then do section 1.  </s>
<s> The idea is to avoid getting into detailed discussion; but to do those we can all quickly agree on.  </s>
<s> Datatypes: Please can we keep pushing this forward.  </s>
<s> Primer update schema update syntax update Brian  </s>
<s> At the end of the meeting, I'd like to know the answers to the following questions wrt the MT, Syntax and Primer docs: 1.  </s>
<s> What issues must be resolved before the doc is ready for a public release?  </s>
<s> 2. What can other WG members do to help with #1? 3. What is the tentative date for the doc being reading for WG review?  </s>
<s> Art  </s>
<s> For the MT the rewrite is almost done.  </s>
<s> Monday is more realistic than tomorrow.  </s>
<s> Pat IHMC(850)434 8903 home 40 South Alcaniz St.(850)202 4416 office phayes@ai.uwf.edu  </s>
