<s> Contents DOM Test Suite task force DOM Test Suite Process Bugzilla Change Control Call for Volunteers/Nominations DOM Test Suite task force I have been invited to chair the DOM Test Suite task force with the objective of managing the work required to complete and release the DOM Test Suites for DOM Levels 1, 2 and 3. I would like to outline some of the basic changes in how the project will be managed and ask for nominations and volunteers to help complete the DOM TS. Please feel free to make comments or suggestions regarding these changes.  </s>
<s> Changes to the DOM Test Suite Process The existing procedures for the DOM TS are outlined in http://www.w3.org/DOM/DOMTS-Process .  </s>
<s> In order to for the DOM TS to be completed, we need to know what work needs to be completed, who is responsible for completing the work and have some degree of control over what changes are made to the project.  </s>
<s> In order to achieve this, we will manage all work through Bugzilla.  </s>
<s> www-dom-ts@w3.org will continue to be used for general discussion.  </s>
<s> Bugzilla The public W3 instance of Bugzilla http://www.w3.org/Bugs/Public/ will be used to identify and track each task required for the completion of the DOM TS.  </s>
<s> A new Bugzilla product "DOM TS" and the following Components have been created: Component Description Process This component would be used to manage changes in the process used to manage DOM TS project.  </s>
<s> Documentation This component would be used to manage the http://www.w3.org/DOM/Test site as well as any other documentation related to the DOM Test suites.  </s>
<s> Any changes to the public web site will be made by Philippe Le Hegaret after approval of the full document by the DOM WG. Java Binding This component would manage the maintenance of the XSLT and build processes used to create the binding of the tests to the Java Test harness.  </s>
<s> ECMAScript This component would manage the maintenance of Binding the XSLT and build processes used to create the binding of the tests to the ECMAScript Test harness.  </s>
<s> DOM Level 1 This component would be for all issues related to the DOM Level 1 test suite.  </s>
<s> DOM Level 2 This component would be for all issues related to the DOM Level 2 test suite.  </s>
<s> DOM Level 3 This component would be for all issues related to the DOM Level 3 test suite.  </s>
<s> The Component Owner is responsible for either performing the work required to resolve the bug or for assigning the bug to an appropriate member of the DOM TS community and scheduling it to be resolved.  </s>
<s> Ownership of each DOM TS Component has been temporarily assigned to myself until suitable owners can be identified.  </s>
<s> Change Control If we are to complete the DOM TS, each change to the TS must be managed.  </s>
<s> Therefore, before any change is committed to the DOM TS: * The reason for the change must be documented as a bug in Bugzilla * For changes to existing files, the change must be attached to the bug as a patch.  </s>
<s> For new files, the files must be attached to the bug.  </s>
<s> * Each change must be reviewed by a person who has been given reviewer status.  </s>
<s> If the reviewer suggests modifications or otherwise does not approve the change to the DOM TS, then the change must not be checked into CVS.  </s>
<s> * Changes committed to CVS must include a comment containing the bug number, the reviewer and a short description of the change.  </s>
<s> A hierarchy of component owner, reviewer, DOM TS chair, DOM WG will be responsible for making decisions regarding changes to the DOM TS.  </s>
<s> If at any point, a decision is questioned, the decision will be bubbled up to the next highest level of authority.  </s>
<s> The final authority for any decision regarding the DOM TS is the DOM WG. Repeated violations of the CVS check in rules would be grounds for revocation of CVS commit privileges.  </s>
<s> Call for Volunteers/Nominations We need people to help complete the DOM TS as: Component Owners Component Owners are responsible for managing the work involved in each component.  </s>
<s> Component QA Component QA are responsible for verifying that RESOLVED bugs/issues in Bugzilla are in fact resolved as described in the bug.  </s>
<s> Reviewers Reviewers are responsible for ensuring that any changes made to the DOM TS are appropriate.  </s>
<s> General Contributors General Contributors help by filing new bugs, helping to resolve existing bugs or by contributing documentation.  </s>
<s> If you would like to be involved in one of these areas or know of someone you think would be a good candidate, please contact me.  </s>
<s> Bob Clary  </s>
<s> build and schema/DTD generation are probably worthy to be components.  </s>
<s> There were good intentions to do transforms and frameworks for other "unofficial" bindings (Python, Xerces-C, libxml, System.Xml, et al).  </s>
<s> It would be good to clarify whether they can be done within the context of the W3C effort and if so to define components and a process for developing or accepting test suite generation for other bindings.  </s>
<s> It might be better to organize the components by sub-spec (Core, HTML, Events, LS, XPath) than by level.  </s>
<s> The Level 1 owner isn't going to have much to do.  </s>
<s> That might be appropriate for the later phases of a test suite's life, but it would seem to severely hinder collaboration in the development of new test suites.  </s>
<s> I've been troubled that there has been very little visibility and collaboration in the development of the initial LS and XPath test suites and such a lock-down would reinforce the tendency for new test suites to be developed in hiding.  </s>
<s> There needs to be some middle ground between tests on one developer's machine and code that has implied sanction of the WG.  </s>
<s> If our releases were more frequent, then we could tolerate the CVS containing a few controversial tests awaiting review by the WG.  </s>
<s> To have more frequent releases, we would need some incremental status for releases.  </s>
<s> The progression could be from a nightly build, to working-draft release, to a last-call release that the task force and WG approved to a definitive release.  </s>
<s> Has there been anything in the QA WG on test suite lifecycles that might be appropriate?  </s>
<s> Except for code freeze periods, the review before commit seems terribly pessimistic.  </s>
<s> If a committer is considering something controversial or that touches a lot of files, good manners would suggest that it be brought up on the mailing list for discussion before being committed.  </s>
<s> In the, hopefully rare, case that a committer did not think a particular change was controversial, but it was, it would not be difficult to undo the change until there was consensus.  </s>
<s> Maybe I'm insensitive since I would be the most likely offender, but I do not believe that we have had abuses of committer priviledges to warrent such a strong corrective.  </s>
<s> The most effective review of a proposed change would be a nightly (or more frequent build) that would validate all tests against the appropriate schema, build the bindings, and possibly run the tests against benchmark implementations (which would probably be limited to Java bindings at this time).  </s>
<s> To effectively review before commit, the reviewer would be forced to apply the patch to his local copy and run through such a build process semi-automatically.  </s>
<s> To review after commit, the reviewer could rely on the automated build to find any structural problems with the change and would only need to verify that the change is consistent with the spec.  </s>
<s> I would not suspect that it would be difficult to get the DOM TS added to Gump's (http://jakarta.apache.org/gump)  </s>
<s> roster.  </s>
<s> Component Owners seem a generally good idea.  </s>
<s> However, if, for example, a change was committed in the DOM L3 TS that broke the build or was not schema valid, it would be good for a committer to fix the problem without requiring an assignment of the defect by the component owner.  </s>
<s> Breaking down QA by components might be overkill, maybe an QA role that can mark any bug as closed with an possible informal division of responsibilities.  </s>
<s> There should be no criteria to be a Reviewer (in the monitor change, not the veto change sense) or a general contributor.  </s>
<s> Anyone who wants to subscribe to www-dom-ts@w3.org or access the CVS should be encouraged to do so.  </s>
<s> Those with commit rights to the CVS (aka Developers) should be a separate class.  </s>
<s> I'd see the roles break down like: Community/Public: Anyone interested in the DOM TS work.  </s>
<s> Can subscribe and post to www-dom-ts, access the CVS, subscribe to CVS change notifications, access Bugzilla.  </s>
<s> Developers: Public rights + CVS commit rights.  </s>
<s> May research bugs and commit changes to CVS corresponding to bugs.  </s>
<s> Should not make potentially controversial changes to CVS without raising the issue on www-dom-ts.  </s>
<s> When there is a controversy (either before or after a CVS change), any committer can block (or rollback) the change until WG or WG liason resolution, accept the change pending WG or WG liason resolution or accept the change without escalation to the WG liason.  </s>
<s> Votes on task force interim releases.  </s>
<s> QA: Monitors Bugzilla, can mark issues as closed.  </s>
<s> WG liason: Can block or rollback changes to the CVS.  </s>
<s> Coordinates issues resolution with the WG. Votes on task force interim releases.  </s>
<s> WG: approves formal releases of test suite.  </s>
<s> The most crucial role that we have been missing coverage has been implementation representatives.  </s>
<s> It would be great to have someone who is the go to person for issues specific to Xerces-J, Safari, Konqueror, Palm Web Browser, etc.  </s>
<s> That sounds like a good idea.  </s>
<s> Please detail what areas each component would cover and either volunteer or nominate an owner for these proposed components.  </s>
<s> I have indeed already had inquiries regarding this.  </s>
<s> I think that we should work to enable others to reuse the test suite to test other implementations.  </s>
<s> However, I think that this topic needs more guidance from the WG on how to proceed.  </s>
<s> Our initial goal is to complete and release the DOM TS and I would not want this worthy topic to detract from that goal.  </s>
<s> I will start a discussion here to discuss what we can and should do with respect to "unofficial" bindings.  </s>
<s> I agree that it would be very nice to be able to specify the sub-specification however I also wanted to make the level explicit to help identify the version of the test suite affected by the bug/issue.  </s>
<s> Ideally we would have components for each level/spec however the benefit of being able to assign bugs/issues to that level of detail seemed to be outweighed by the sheer number of required components and owners.  </s>
<s> Of course we can have a single individual who owns multiple components.  </s>
<s> I am open to expanding the components to include the sub-specification however I want to keep the level as well.  </s>
<s> The fact that the DOM Level 1 owner (and hopefully the DOM Level 2 owner) will hopefully have a short time of activity is the goal of our project.  </s>
<s> The question is would DOM Level 1 DOM Level 2 Core DOM Level 2 HTML be acceptable or would this create too many components?  </s>
<s> I agree with your basic point.  </s>
<s> I think that we can consider DOM Level 1 and DOM Level 2 to be at the stage where more controls are appropriate but that DOM Level 3 is not.  </s>
<s> I do not know if the QA WG has anything appropriate however I do envision creating a system where we do have public nightly builds available for testing and review and agree with your general process outline.  </s>
<s> These are issues that I think we can handle in the overall project framework once we have the basic initial process defined and have owners for the basic components.  </s>
<s> For a sub-specification that is in it's earliest stages such as DOM Level 3, I agree that mandatory review is not absolutely necessary.  </s>
<s> However for other sub-specifications which are in their final stages I do believe that mandatory reviews are necessary.  </s>
<s> I also think that other aspects of the project need to be under tighter control and can benefit from a mandatory review process.  </s>
<s> For example, the ECMAScript binding has been an area of disagreement and we are not in a position of saying we have decided how to proceed or complete it.  </s>
<s> The process to date has been for myself and others to raise points, provide demonstrations of ideas, and solicit feedback.  </s>
<s> However you make the final decisions as to the exact changes to the ECMAScript binding and commit them to CVS without any discussion or approval of what those specific changes will be.  </s>
<s> I believe that each Bugzilla component can have separate review requirements.  </s>
<s> At the earliest stages, no review would be needed.  </s>
<s> As the Component nears completion, mandatory review can be required.  </s>
<s> I do envision a system of nightly builds, candidate builds, etc however I do not think they constitute a replacement for the need to review changes to those parts of the TS which are nearing completion.  </s>
<s> I think that if someone breaks the build and notices it before anyone else, the person responsible for the change should consider it their immediate responsibility to backout the commit that caused the breakage and to reopen the bug which tracked that change.  </s>
<s> If someone else notices that the build is broken due to another person's commit, then the bug which tracks the change should be reopened and the person responsible for the change notified and given the chance to correct the problem.  </s>
<s> If the person responsible for the change can not respond quickly enough, those with the appropriate permissions should backout the change without waiting for the original person.  </s>
<s> The basic underlying point here is that no changes should be made without tracking that change in a bug whether or not the component in question requires review or not.  </s>
<s> A new bug is not required in order to back out a commit which breaks the build.  </s>
<s> Reopening the already existing bug is sufficient.  </s>
<s> I agree that anyone who wishes to participate is welcome and should be encouraged.  </s>
<s> However the role of "reviewer" who accepts/rejects/asks for modifications to a change before it is committed implies knowledge and responsibilities which are not those of a general contributor.  </s>
<s> In our context "review" and "reviewer" have specific meaning related to controlling changes committed to CVS to make sure that the change is appropriate.  </s>
<s> Any change should first be tracked by a bug.  </s>
<s> If necessary, the bug can be announced on the www-dom-ts to solicit a discussion but if there is controversy then the comments in the bug should reflect that and the commit not made to CVS until the issue has been resolved either by the Component owner, the DOM TS chair or the DOM WG.  </s>
<s> Under no circumstances would I feel that it is ok to check in a change to CVS if there has been disagreement with either the Component owner, the DOM TS chair or the DOM WG.  </s>
<s> I have preliminary contacts with Safari and Opera and hope to make the participation of implementation representatives as broad as possible.  </s>
<s> I don't have a problem with that.  </s>
<s> Committing stuff to the CVS (on a branch if appropriate) in my opinion is a precondition for discussion and collaboration, not an attempt to preempt discussion.  </s>
<s> It is in no way final since there is more than one committer and any ill-considered change could readily be reversed if there were complaints.  </s>
<s> In this particular instance, the prototype was branched (apparently unintentionally) from the CVS sometime before July 2002, it would have been error prone to reconcile your prototype with the current CVS.  </s>
<s> Instead I attempted to incorporate the novel concepts from your prototype and the followup discussion into modifications of the current CVS to provide a path forward to which all could contribute.  </s>
<s> If there had been any complaints, the 3 files that were changed easily could have been rolled back or split off into a branch.  </s>
<s> It is counterproductive to do substantial work off-CVS.  </s>
<s> It was unavoidable during the development of X-Hive's submission of Load/Save tests since it was based on a non-public draft, but knowing there was work going on but not being able to see it would strongly discourage anyone else from building LS tests for contribution.  </s>
<s> If the test suite development had been done on CVS, other interested parties could be able to contribute since they would know there contributions did not duplicate X-Hive's efforts.  </s>
<s> It also made it very difficult for me to modify the transforms to address problems with tests to which I did not have access.  </s>
<s> In regards to controversial tests, the following example might be helpful.  </s>
<s> A couple of years ago David Brownell raised an issue (http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/www-dom-ts/2001Nov/0025.html) where Crimson alone implemented a particular reasonable interpretation of a passage of a DOM spec and every other parser known to man implemented a behavior that seemed contrary to the spec.  </s>
<s> A well-known WG member said in a communication that I can't find something like "it kind of says that but it really means..." and referred to non-public WG communication to support his interpretation.  </s>
<s> A definitive way to have resolved the conflict would have been to put one test for each of the behaviors into the CVS and petition the WG to explicitly reject one or the other.  </s>
<s> If we attempted to avoid controversy, neither test would have added to the CVS and there would be nothing to compel resolution to this issue.  </s>
<s> As long as a test is schema-valid, is consistent with a somewhat reasonable reading of the spec and doesn't have IP issues, the TS task force should not suppress a controversial test but should add the test to the CVS, survey the usual implementations and petition the WG to accept or reject the test.  </s>
<s> I know Dimitris spent a huge amount of time with the QA team and maybe he can elaborate.  </s>
<s> I think it is a good thing for the TS force to seek out potential controversy, crystalize it into potentially inconsistent test cases, survey the implementations and petition the WG for resolution and not to suppress controversy or preempt the WG's judicial role.  </s>
<s> In regard to framework issues, there may be efforts like the enhancement of the ECMAScript harness that may extend for a substantial period of time.  </s>
<s> I'd prefer to avoid it, but these types of efforts could be isolated in development branches in the CVS and only integrated to the stable branch when everybody is happy.  </s>
<s> Totally locking down the CVS would encourage development to occur elsewhere, either in isolation or on some non-W3C CVS server.  </s>
<s> Bob I would be glad to help with any problems/clarifications/modifications of the Level 1 &amp; Level 2 Core/HTML tests contributed by NIST.  </s>
<s> Rick Rivello  </s>
