<s> I believe 5.5 should be at least priority 2 due to JavaScript.  </s>
<s> Programmatic write access as priority 3 is correct since DOM 1 does not  </s>
<s> provide for this on all elements.  </s>
<s> This should be bumped in later releases  </s>
<s> of the UA guidelines.  </s>
<s> I will voice my concern again about requiring DOM 1 over DOM 2 because DOM1 does not provide for a standardized event model.  </s>
<s> This is bad.  </s>
<s> I do however appreciate the timing issue related to DOM 2's acceptance.  </s>
<s> Rich Rich Schwerdtfeger Lead Architect, IBM Special Needs Systems EMail/web: schwer@us.ibm.com http://www.austin.ibm.com/sns/rich.htm "Two roads diverged in a wood, and I - I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.",  </s>
<s> Frost  </s>
<s> Jon Gunderson jongund@ux1.cso.uiuc.edu on 02/09/2000 01:33:19 PM  </s>
<s> Subject: PROPOSAL: User Agent Issue 190: Reduce the scope of 5.1 to say "write access only for that which you can do through the UI." I propose the following to resolve issue 190: Current checkpoint: 5.1 Provide programmatic read and write access to content by conforming to W3C Document Object Model (DOM) specifications and exporting interfaces defined by those specifications.  </s>
<s> [Priority 1] I suggest we use five checkpoints in this section to describe access to web content: 5.1 Provide programmatic read access to all content using the interfaces specified in the W3C Document Object Model (DOM level 1) and exporting those interfaces to other applications .  </s>
<s> [Priority 1]  </s>
<s> 5.2 Provide programmatic write access to the value attribute of form controls using the interfaces specified in the W3C Document Object Model (DOM level 1) and exporting those interfaces to other applications .  </s>
<s> [Priority 1] 5.3 Provide progammatic support for the event model and methods for form controls and links using the interfaces specified in the W3C Document Object Model (DOM level 2 CR) and exporting those interfaces to other applications .  </s>
<s> [Priority 2] 5.4 Provide programmatic write access to all element of the W3C Document Object Model (DOM level 1) and exporting those interfaces to other applications .  </s>
<s> [Priority 3] 5.5 Provide progammatic support for the event model and methods for all elements using the interfaces specified in the W3C Document Object Model (DOM level 2 CR) and exporting those interfaces to other applications .  </s>
<s> [Priority 3]  </s>
<s> Jon Gunderson, Ph.D., ATP  </s>
<s> Coordinator of Assistive Communication and Information Technology Chair, W3C WAI User Agent Working Group Division of Rehabilitation - Education Services College of Applied Life Studies University of Illinois at Urbana/Champaign 1207 S. Oak Street, Champaign, IL 61820 Voice: (217) 244-5870 E-mail: jongund@uiuc.edu  </s>
<s> WWW: http://www.staff.uiuc.edu/~jongund  </s>
<s> WWW: http://www.w3.org/wai/ua  </s>
<s> I agree with Rich that access to event triggers is at least priority 2 - these are important functions that a browser needs to provide access to.  </s>
<s> And until they do, content authors will need to produce a whole raftof nasty hacks to get around browser problems, which is not a good situation - only a percentage of authors will do so, and there will continue to be an access problem until a goodsolution is implemented.  </s>
<s> Charles McCN I believe 5.5 should be at least priority 2 due to JavaScript.  </s>
<s> [etc]  </s>
<s> The DOM event model is an ongoing discussion in the WAI/PF.  </s>
<s> We are going to  </s>
<s> submit requirements to the DOM working group regarding the event model for DOM 3 in March.  </s>
<s> The reason I put it at P2 was because DOM 2 is not out yet.  </s>
<s> I also share some device independence issues regarding the DOM 2 event model.  </s>
<s> If some developers could start adopting the DOM 2 event model, it should reduce the time it would take to get the desired DOM 3 event model implemented and also ATs would have something to go from.  </s>
<s> We ought to be pushing for P1 with DOM 3 in the UA assuming the correct changes are made between the DOM and PF working groups.  </s>
<s> Rich Rich Schwerdtfeger Lead Architect, IBM Special Needs Systems EMail/web: schwer@us.ibm.com http://www.austin.ibm.com/sns/rich.htm "Two roads diverged in a wood, and I - I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.",  </s>
<s> Frost menovak@facstaff.wisc.edu  </s>
<s> (mark novak) on 02/10/2000 10:15:30 AM unagi69@concentric.net , Richard Schwerdtfeger/Austin/IBM@IBMUS, Charles McCathieNevile charles@w3.org  </s>
<s> Protocols &amp; Formats WG w3c-wai-pf@w3.org  </s>
<s> Subject: Re: PROPOSAL: User Agent Issue 190: Reduce the scope of 5.1 to say "write access only for that which you can do through the UI."  </s>
<s> hi Jon and all  </s>
<s> I agree that all elements ought to understand and implement the appropriate event model, so for the UA, I don't see my next comment changing the UA process at the moment.  </s>
<s> However, I'm not in favor of making this a priority 1, since I'm not a fan of the event model within DOM 2. This is an on-going (I hope ) discussion on the PF/DOM working group lists.  </s>
<s> After the events/event model are understood, this checkpoint may need re-visiting.  </s>
<s> mark  </s>
<s> It seems there is a consensus to merge 5.3 and 5.5 from my proposal into a single checkpoint of at least Priority 2 and maybe a priority 1 level.  </s>
<s> The  </s>
<s> new checkpoint would require implementation of the event model specified  </s>
<s> in  </s>
<s> RIch, I don't think we can put anything in our guidelines to a document that is not a recommendation.  </s>
<s> I think it is a stretch to recommend implementation of a DOM level 2 specification, since it is in candidate recommendation.  </s>
<s> We need to check with Ian what the implications are of even referencing documents that are still in the final stages of becoming a recommendation, in this case DOM level 2. I am concerned about referencing the current event model in DOM level 3 for accessibility, based on the response to my proposal.  </s>
<s> It seems to be lacking in accessibility features.  </s>
<s> The main reason I proposed it was as a way for assistive technology to use the DOM to simulate events.  </s>
<s> Is this enough of a reason to include it?  </s>
<s> Jon  </s>
<s> It seems there is a consensus to merge 5.3 and 5.5 from my proposal into a single checkpoint of at least Priority 2 and maybe a priority 1 level.  </s>
<s> new checkpoint would require implementation of the event model specified  </s>
<s> Jon Gunderson, Ph.D., ATP Coordinator of Assistive Communication and Information Technology Chair, W3C WAI User Agent Working Group Division of Rehabilitation - Education Services College of Applied Life Studies University of Illinois at Urbana/Champaign 1207 S. Oak Street, Champaign, IL 61820 Voice: (217) 244-5870 E-mail: jongund@uiuc.edu  </s>
<s> WWW: http://www.staff.uiuc.edu/~jongund  </s>
<s> WWW: http://www.w3.org/wai/ua  </s>
