<s> WSTF, We are in jeopardy of having to cancel another meeting due to incomplete action items.  </s>
<s> We are still awaiting the results from action items from several people, which would form the agenda for today's meeting.  </s>
<s> If we do not get them soon, it might not be effective to meet today.  </s>
<s> Potential agenda: 1. Discuss updated format on working group home pages &amp; pending questions 2. Review updated 3 primary personas [open action item, Jon] 3. Discuss IA issues based on layouts/wireframes/schematics - home page layout [open action item, Blossom] - schematics [open action item, Michael] - wording for "getting started" and "resources" [open action item, Charmane, Justin, Blossom, Michael] Please let me know if you have other ideas for an effective meeting today if the above action items are not ready to go.  </s>
<s> Regards, ~ Shawn  </s>
<s> I will be unable to attend the upcoming call on 4/26.  </s>
<s> Schematics should be sent out in a bit as will nomenclature feedback.  </s>
<s> Oddly enough, the nomenclature questions we had are not an issue with the people I asked.  </s>
<s> Though Cisco uses both Getting Started and Resources.  </s>
<s> Though people expected Resources to be outside the site area, as that is what they do here.  </s>
<s> Attached are the schematics.  </s>
<s> There is one area that Daniel and I discussed that we would change for sure, but this is what his proposed solution was.  </s>
<s> He had a lot of concern over making sure the navigation was persistent due to the frequency of cross-linking.  </s>
<s> If you feel comfortable with them, go ahead and send them out.  </s>
<s> -michael  </s>
