<s> [sorry, this is a few hours late] AGENDA Teleconference W3C Semantic Web Best Practices &amp; Deployment Working Group 10 June 2004, 1400 UTC 0700 (West US) 1000 (East US) 1500 (London) 1600 (Amsterdam) 2300 (Tokyo) 0000 (Sydney) Duration: 60-900 min Bridge: +1.617.761.6200 passcode 7927# IRC Chat: irc:irc.w3.org (port 6665), #swbp Web-based IRC (member-confidential): Chair: Guus Schreiber Scribe: Dan Brickley 1. ADMINISTRIVIA (10 min) Role call Regrets: Carroll See also the mailing list PROPOSED to accept the minutes of the May 27 telecon: Amendment 1: Amendment 2: Next telecon June 24, 1800 UTC Agenda amendments 2 ACTION ITEM REVIEW( 10 min) ACTION: Ralph add to the WG home page a note informing the public that they are free to write to the WG mailing list and to use the string "comment:" in their subject ACTION: bwm Propose amendments to the classes as values note.  </s>
<s> ACTION: Ralph get advice on using WG Note vs. Working Draft for early SWBPD documents.  </s>
<s> ACTION: guus to provide description of process for publishing notes ACTION: ralph remind TF leaders they can use intermediate weeks, between WG telecons, for TF telecons.  </s>
<s> ACTION: guus to discuss with Jim Hendler how to push this forward.  </s>
<s> ACTION Ado Prepare summary of Wordnet proposal document, and send to Christian after review by the WG. ACTION libby update task force description ACTION libby complete template for applications from the 2003 SW challenge ACTION guus complete template for Finish museums example ACTION danbri complete template for FOAF ACTION ralph complete template for Annotea ACTION libby complete template for web conference photo applications 3. WG publication process Draft by Guus: Comments by Brian Discussion should prepare for resolution on publication process at next telecon.  </s>
<s> Also relevant: TF telecons: 4. Task Forces New TF HTML template TF coordinators: pls plan for moving to this format 4.1 WNET Updated TF description: Draft note on step 1 conversion: To discuss: - short-term plan for conversion: actors, open issues 4.2 XML Schema datatypes Status update from Jeremy: 4.3 ADTF - Applications and Demos Coordinator (for the moment): Libby Miller TF description: Progress?  </s>
<s> 4.4 WRLD - World View Coordinator: Jim Hendler Progress?  </s>
<s> 4.5 OEP classes as values PROPOSED to start the publication process for this (somewhat contingent on the outcome of agenda item 3). .  </s>
<s> n-ary relations qualified cardinality restrictions Alan's note on lists of values: other issues (new notes?): - DB schema to OWL - hierarchies and metaclasses 4.6 PORT - Porting thesauri Progress?  </s>
<s> - SKOS strawman + input from Maryland/Amsterdam 5. AOB Free University Amsterdam, Computer Science De Boelelaan 1081a, 1081 HV Amsterdam, The Netherlands E-mail: schreiber@cs.vu.nl  </s>
<s> Home page: http://www.cs.vu.nl/~guus/  </s>
<s> regrets for tomorrow's telecon.  </s>
<s> Deborah L. McGuinness Associate Director Knowledge Systems Laboratory Gates Computer Science Building, 2A Room 241 Stanford University, Stanford, CA 94305-9020 URL: http://ksl.stanford.edu/people/dlm  </s>
<s> Regrets - last minute meeting Bernard Vatant Senior Consultant Knowledge Engineering Mondeca - www.mondeca.com  </s>
<s> bernard.vatant@mondeca.com  </s>
