<s> Once again, we have to reschedule.  </s>
<s> There has apparently been some informal discussion based on have documents ready for the next step by 14 Jul.  </s>
<s> We also have to take a view on what the next step is.  </s>
<s> What remains to be done?  </s>
<s> - complete process on oustanding last call comments: primer all done syntax all done concepts 11 with resolutions but no response to commenter schema 2 with no resolution semantics 7 with no resolution, 6 no response to commentor  </s>
<s> test cases - 1 without resolution  </s>
<s> There is a not inconsiderable amount of work to be done on this.  </s>
<s> It is unknown whether commentors will be satisfied and futher discussion needed.  </s>
<s> - Documents - What is the current status?  </s>
<s> My understanding: - primer - unknown - syntax - nearly ready - concepts - nearly ready - schema - unchanged from last call - semantics - nearly ready - test cases - unchanged since last call However, all the 'nearly ready' are at risk whilst we have outstanding issues.  </s>
<s> - Decide what the next step should be - Review document changes - Update the issues list  </s>
<s> - Prepare request to advance  </s>
<s> I note also that we are nearly into the holiday season when progress will inevitably slow down.  </s>
<s> I also note  </s>
<s> I would appreciate commitments from the editors about when: - the last call comments process will be completed for their document - Documents ready for the next step will be ready  </s>
<s> Brian  </s>
<s> I tend to focus on this.  </s>
<s> Hmm... you did a draft, no?  </s>
<s> I can't find it from the WG home page.  </s>
<s> Ah... from a CG agenda... but I see it's world-readable...  </s>
<s> For WebOnt, I'm just changed the top item in our "current events" from last call to the preparation of our request...  </s>
<s> So every week, I look at what's missing from that request, and I try to get it done or get it on the telcon agenda.  </s>
<s> Dan Connolly, W3C http://www.w3.org/People/Connolly/  </s>
<s> If this is the issue I raised, I've not retabled it because we already discussed it by email and everyone seemed OK with this.  </s>
<s> jan grant, ILRT, University of Bristol.  </s>
<s> http://www.ilrt.bris.ac.uk/ User interface?  </s>
<s> I hardly know 'er!  </s>
<s> Yes it is.  </s>
<s> Can you dig out the pointers so we can formally close it?  </s>
<s> Brian  </s>
<s> Good advice.  </s>
<s> I just had a helpful chat with Eric from which I came away thinking that the key thing we need to do is prioritize.  </s>
<s> This sounds like a good way to prioritize.  </s>
<s> Brian  </s>
<s> assuming no pollution from other documents, I am expecting we will agree your proposal on the I18N comment tomorrow.  </s>
<s> I will update the document in light of any comments made at the telecon tomorrow and then Graham and I can respond to the commentators.  </s>
<s> (I believe it is Graham to respond to Peter on all issues, and I can do the others).  </s>
<s> Jeremy  </s>
<s> Raised: Issue assigned: Disposition agreed in minutes: (under item 10) Responded to author: :-) jan grant, ILRT, University of Bristol.  </s>
<s> http://www.ilrt.bris.ac.uk/  </s>
<s> Ever see something and think, "I've gotta leverage me some of that?"  </s>
<s> Odds are, you were looking at a synergy and didn't even know it.  </s>
