29 March 2001 UA Guidelines Teleconference Agenda announcement: Reference document 23 March 2001 Guidelines: Minutes of previous meeting 22 March: Next meeting: 5 April teleconference: 
Present: Jon Gunderson (Chair), Ian Jacobs (scribe), Gregory Rosmaita, Mickey Quenzer, David Poehlman, Harvey Bingham, Denis Anson Tim Lacy, Rich Schwerdtfeger Absent: Aaron Leventhal, Jim Allan Regrets: Charles McCathieNevile, Eric Hansen Announcements JG: New list for issues that will be considered in the next version of the guidelines Discussion 1.Issue #468: 11.3 (single-key binding): "At least a majority" minimal requirement needs review JG: One proposal: just require single key for default functionalities. 
JG: Or - anything that you can do with single key+modifier you have to do with a single key alone. 
IJ: I think that CMN's proposal was "a majority of the physical keyboard". 
JG: How do you know how many keys the physical device has? 
(APIs hide this information from you). 
GR: There's a javascript call where you can eliminate functionality that way (navbar = "") IJ: The problem is when the number of keys and the number of functionalities don't add up to 50% (one of the other). 
Resolved: - Minimal requirement of 11.4 is to have single key bindings for at least all of what's in 11.5. 
- Add a Note to encourage developers to supply a bunch of single key bindings AND that most functionalities should be available for single-key bindings. 
- Add technique: mention that entering a special mode (e.g, via one key) and having single key bindings after that is also useful. 
2.Issue #467: Checkpoints 3.2/3.7: 
User needs to be able to toggle off as well as on (e.g., for a user with a cognitive disability). 
JG: Toggle-off functionality is a new requirement. 
You can achieve this (with more difficulty) by reloading. 
My preference is to add this requirement to the techniques document. 
DA: My only problem with that approach is if refresh changes point of regard. 
IJ: I think preserving POR is useful for refresh. 
JG: IE, Opera, NN all maintain POR when you refresh. 
DP: Loading time is also an issue. 
Another technique: when you toggle one one, you automatically toggle the other one off. 
GR, TL: I think that P3 requirement is fine for this document. 
TL: Developers will instinctively think of "off" when they think of "on". 
Resolved: - Add a P3 requirement for 3.2, 3.7 to toggle off what has been toggled on. 
- Add to techniques of 9.4 to maintain POR after refresh. 
3.Issue #449: Create an executive summary for UAAG 1.0 IJ: This will be part of the spec. 
JG: Please send editorial comments if you have any. 
Resolved: - Include "summary" as appendix in UAAG 1.0. 
4. New navigation features: GR: Work for me! 5. Input modality and G9 checkpoints Resolved: - "Any event handler" means any handler, whatever device you conform for. 
- Move to Guideline 1: 9.3. 
6. Adopt 508 definition of AT? HB: Yes. 
Resolved: - Add 508 definition to end of our definition (as an example of a more general definition). 
DP: Should we include definitions from other companies? 
Action IJ: Talk to Judy about this one as well. 
Action HB: Talk to EO about getting "How do people with disabilities use the Web". 
7. Two glossary comments Resolved: - Proposed definition of "documentation" is ok. - Ok to delete document source view as proposed. 
8. Checkpoints interdependent Resolved: - Adopt proposal (with editorial changes). 
9. Comments based on GL comments: a) Should we add "If all else fails, implement some API to 6.6"? 
JG: Not sure that it's relevant. 
But maybe on portable devices, for example. 
DA: E.g., I can install a keyboard API in my Palm pilot that's not there initially. 
Palm makes one API. 
The one I have is "GoType!" Proposed (for example): - 6.3 For markup languages other than HTML and XML, provide programmatic access to content. 
Per 6.5, use standard APIs of if not std API exists, provide access through some API. 
DP: If you provide programmatic access that's not useful to ATs, then it doesn't serve the purposes of the document. 
GR: The requirement would be: if you use a proprietary API, then it has to be publicly available. 
Resolved: - For 6.3, 6.4, 6.5: * Use standard APIs to achieve the requirement of the checkpoint. 
* If no standard API exists, the user agent must satisfy this checkpoint using a publicly documented API. 
Resolved: - Ian can fix labels "For content/UA" for 10.2 Resolved: - For checkpoint 3.2/3.7: 
"When placeholders are rendered, allow the user to view the original author-supplied content associated with each placeholder." 
Resolved: - Adopt change to 4.6 "at least the range of positions". 
Resolved: - Leave 9.2 a P2 since not impossible. 
- Add a note that UA should also allow reverse navigation. 
5.Vote to go to last call The following participants approve going to last call: Jon Gunderson, Ian Jacobs, Gregory Rosmaita, Mickey Quenzer, David Poehlman, Harvey Bingham, Denis Anson, Tim Lacy, Rich Schwerdtfeger 4.Last call scheduling options IJ: We can either go 10 April or 17 April. 
Resolved: Go to last call on 10 April 2001. 
Ian Jacobs (jacobs@w3.org) http://www.w3.org/People/Jacobs Cell: +1 917 450-8783 
I also approve going forward to Last Call. 
I want to clarify that the expected last call document will be: - The 23 March 2001 Draft - Plus resolutions incorporated from the 29 March teleconference - Plus possible editorial changes (e.g., based on incorporating today's resolutions). 
- Some additional techniques added to fill in the Techniques document. 
I intend to publish another WG draft in the next day or two that should be what we send to last call. 
Please indicate whether you have any objections to this plan. 
Thank you, _ Ian Ian Jacobs (jacobs@w3.org) http://www.w3.org/People/Jacobs Cell: +1 917 450-8783 
I have no problem with this plan. 
