<s> I read in: that "Before advancing a technical report to Last Call Working Draft, the Working Group must: formally address all issues raised by Working Group participants, other Working Groups, the Membership, and the public about the Working Draft.  </s>
<s> " I note that I raised an issue rdf compatibility in the message: I understand "formally address" to mean: "In the context of this document, a Working Group has formally addressed an issue when the Chair can show (archived) evidence of having sent a response to the party who raised the issue.  </s>
<s> This response should include the Working Group's resolution and should ask the party who raised the issue to reply with an indication of whether the resolution reverses the initial objection."  </s>
<s> I hence ask for a response to my message raising the issue.  </s>
<s> Just asking for an issue doesn't make it one.  </s>
<s> The WG has agreed  </s>
<s> that the chairs get to decide what's an issue and what's not.  </s>
<s> Er.. oops, no, that's actually not the case.  </s>
<s> The chairs just  </s>
<s> get to decide when to open issues.  </s>
<s> hmm... "Issues are submitted by members of the working group.  </s>
<s> Such issues are marked raised.  </s>
<s> The process for submission is described above.  </s>
<s> * The chair may open an issue, normally assigning an owner." -- http://www.w3.org/2001/sw/WebOnt/webont-issues.html  </s>
<s> Jim, you/we need to go back over all the issue requests we didn't act on and get them added to the issues list.  </s>
<s> Sigh.  </s>
<s> Jeremy  </s>
<s> Dan Connolly, W3C http://www.w3.org/People/Connolly/  </s>
<s> I am only concerned about process:  </s>
<s> + to the extent that there is inadequate discussion of the issues/issuettes; + and should I need to formally object  </s>
<s> A test case is that the following document is in OWL Lite.  </s>
<s> rdf:Bag rdf:type owl:Class .  </s>
<s> rdf:_1 rdf:type owl:ObjectProperty .  </s>
<s> eg:a rdf:type rdf:Bag .  </s>
<s> eg:a rdf:_1 eg:b .  </s>
<s> eg:b rdf:type owl:Thing .  </s>
<s> I am currently dissatisfied with the chair ruling that the RDF compatibility stuff is an attempt to reopen the OWL Lite discussion - it isn't.  </s>
<s> If it were, I do not believe the Bristol decision on issue 5.2 had anything to do with the use of RDF non-logical vocabulary items within OWL Lite.  </s>
<s> However I can imagine a response from the chair to which I would indicate that I was happy.  </s>
<s> That response is that the decision on 5.2 endorsed OWL Lite also including the RDF vocabulary permitted by the previously published abstract syntax document: viz the following are excluded: rdf:type, rdf:Property, rdfs:subClassOf, rdfs:subPropertyOf, rdfs:domain, rdfs:range, owl:Class, owl:sameClassAs, owl:DisjointWith, owl:oneOf, owl:unionOf, owl:intersectionOf, owl:complementOf, owl:samePropertyAs, owl:inverseOf, owl:DatatypeProperty, owl:ObjectProperty, owl:SymmetricProperty, owl:UniqueProperty, owl:UnambiguousProperty, owl:TransitiveProperty, owl:Restriction, owl:onProperty, owl:toClass, owl:hasClass, owl:hasValue, owl:minCardinality, owl:maxCardinality, owl:cardinality, owl:sameIndividualAs, owl:differentIndividualFrom, owl:List, owl:first, owl:rest, owl:nil.  </s>
<s> rather than the wholesale exclusion found in the last published AS&amp;S and the current editor's S&amp;AS - an exclusion that does not seem to reflect any WG decision.  </s>
<s> I have no need at this time to have the annotations issue added to the issue list, since I believe we are all but done on it; and similarly I currently expect an adequate resolution of the xml:lang and rdf:XMLLiteral issuette.  </s>
<s> Jeremy  </s>
<s> From: Dan Connolly [mailto:connolly@w3.org] Sent: 25 February 2003 18:17 Subject: Re: Formally addressing issue: rdf compatibility  </s>
<s> Draft, the Working  </s>
<s> Group must: formally address all issues raised by Working Group participants, other Working Groups, the Membership, and the public about the  </s>
<s> Working Draft.  </s>
<s> "  </s>
<s> I note that I raised an issue rdf compatibility in the message: I understand "formally address" to mean: "In the context of this document, a Working Group has formally  </s>
<s> addressed an  </s>
<s> issue when the Chair can show (archived) evidence of having  </s>
<s> sent a response  </s>
<s> to the party who raised the issue.  </s>
<s> This response should include  </s>
<s> the Working  </s>
<s> Group's resolution and should ask the party who raised the  </s>
<s> issue to reply  </s>
<s> with an indication of whether the resolution reverses the initial objection."  </s>
<s> I hence ask for a response to my message raising the issue.  </s>
<s> Jeremy  </s>
<s> It will be tonight until I can respond - I will take all this under advisement  </s>
<s> From: Dan Connolly [mailto:connolly@w3.org] Sent: 25 February 2003 18:17 Subject: Re: Formally addressing issue: rdf compatibility  </s>
<s> Draft, the Working  </s>
<s> Group must: formally address all issues raised by Working Group participants, other Working Groups, the Membership, and the public about the  </s>
<s> Working Draft.  </s>
<s> "  </s>
<s> I note that I raised an issue rdf compatibility in the message: I understand "formally address" to mean: "In the context of this document, a Working Group has formally  </s>
<s> addressed an  </s>
<s> issue when the Chair can show (archived) evidence of having  </s>
<s> sent a response  </s>
<s> to the party who raised the issue.  </s>
<s> This response should include  </s>
<s> the Working  </s>
<s> Group's resolution and should ask the party who raised the  </s>
<s> issue to reply  </s>
<s> with an indication of whether the resolution reverses the initial objection."  </s>
<s> I hence ask for a response to my message raising the issue.  </s>
<s> Professor James Hendler hendler@cs.umd.edu  </s>
<s> Director, Semantic Web and Agent Technologies 301-405-2696 Univ of Maryland, College Park, MD 20742 240-731-3822 (Cell)  </s>
