<s> EOWG: Date: 27 June 2003 Time: 8:30am - 10:30am US Eastern Time Bridge: (Zakim) +1 617 761 6200 - conference code EOWG# (3694#) IRC: (Internet Relay Chat) - for those who wish to use IRC to supplement the teleconference discussion - channel: #eo - server: irc.w3.org - port: 6665 REVISED AGENDA: 1. Reminder on use of IRC as supplemental as per our discussion at last meeting.  </s>
<s> 2. Outreach Updates (brief) please send to EOWG mailing list in advance when possible 3. EOWG Meetings: A. reminder, registration is open for all three days 16-18 July in Palo Alto; B. further discussion about *tentative* meetings &amp; training exchange September 3-5 in Dublin, IE, following AAATE: 4. Building the Case for Web Accessibility A. preparing for discussion at face-to-face meeting (see notes on framework for discussing training resource suite, for a sample of how we might want to prepare) B. consideration of comment on naming of suite; any better ideas that get us closer to our intention?  </s>
<s> (followed by several comments that the overall tone seemed appropriate, but, are we inadvertently creating misunderstanding via the title alone?) 5. Initial end-of-quarter walk-through proposed updated Deliverables plan proposed updated plan is available: orientation to proposed changes, to be followed by more discussion on 11 July teleconference.  </s>
<s> Regards, Judy &amp; Shawn  </s>
<s> Date: Thu, 26 Jun 2003 18:04:17 -0400 From: Judy Brewer jbrewer@w3.org  </s>
<s> Subject: EOWG: Agenda for 27 June 2003 teleconference Bcc: Shawn Lawton Henry shawn@w3.org  </s>
<s> EOWG: Reminder, we are meeting 27 June 2003, per our schedule at: Time: 8:30am - 10:30am US Eastern Time Bridge: (Zakim) +1 617 761 6200 - conference code EOWG# (3694#) IRC: (Internet Relay Chat) - for those who wish to use IRC to supplement the teleconference discussion - channel: #eo - server: irc.w3.org - port: 6665 AGENDA: 1. Reminder on use of IRC as supplemental as per our discussion at last meeting.  </s>
<s> 2. Outreach Updates (brief) please send to EOWG mailing list in advance when possible 3. EOWG Meetings: A. reminder, registration is open for all three days 16-18 July in Palo Alto; B. further discussion about *tentative* meetings &amp; training exchange September 3-5 in Dublin, IE, following AAATE: 4. Building the Case for Web Accessibility A. preparing for discussion at face-to-face meeting (see notes on framework for discussing training resource suite, for a sample of how we might want to prepare) B. consideration of comment on naming of suite; any better ideas that get us closer to our intention?  </s>
<s> (followed by several comments that the overall tone seemed appropriate, but, are we inadvertently creating misunderstanding via the title alone?) C. discussion of a newly edited section if available before tomorrow's meeting.  </s>
<s> Regards, Judy &amp; Shawn Judy Brewer +1.617.258.9741 http://www.w3.org/WAI Director, Web Accessibility Initiative (WAI), World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) MIT/LCS Room NE43-355, 200 Technology Square, Cambridge, MA, 02139, USA  </s>
<s> Judy Brewer +1.617.258.9741 http://www.w3.org/WAI Director, Web Accessibility Initiative (WAI), World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) MIT/LCS Room NE43-355, 200 Technology Square, Cambridge, MA, 02139, USA  </s>
<s> I will not be dialing into the call this week.  </s>
<s> I am on vacation this week.  </s>
<s> :) -michael  </s>
<s> I will not be dialing into the call this week.  </s>
<s> As I will be on a plane.  </s>
<s> -Michael  </s>
