<s> Section 24.4 defines namespaces according to a very old draft of XML namespaces.  </s>
<s> In particular, it still uses a PI for the namespace specification.  </s>
<s> Is there a plan to update that section with respect to the current namespace specification?  </s>
<s> (at demand conformance to this outdated spec (the first paragraph of 24.4.1 requires this conformance).  </s>
<s> Also, the spec does not explicitly discuss the fact that "DAV:" is a valid URI that has been reserved for DAV.  </s>
<s> It implies it when it discusses each element, but it would seem appropriate that if DAV is going to treat the (short) string "DAV:" as a URI, then it should call that out explicitly.  </s>
<s> thx -g Greg Stein (gstein@lyra.org)  </s>
<s> You are correct -- Section 24.4 is currently out of date w.r.t. the current XML Namespaces proposal.  </s>
<s> However, the current XML Namespace proposal is only a W3C Working Draft, and is not yet completely stable.  </s>
<s> While I don't expect there to be massive changes to the XML Namespaces spec.  </s>
<s> between now and its final approval, there will be some changes, and hence I am loathe to update the DAV draft until XML Namespaces are finalized.  </s>
<s> But, it is my recommendation that the WebDAV Distributed Authoring protocol be updated to reflect the new XML Namespaces draft once it is approved, or near approval.  </s>
<s> Once it is at Proposed Recommendation status, I'll feel comfortable moving forward.  </s>
<s> But, I'm also unwilling to have approval of the WebDAV Distributed Authoring protocol be held up by the XML Namespaces work.  </s>
<s> This raises some issues on how exactly the revision of the WebDAV Distributed Authoring specification will occur.  </s>
<s> There are many possible cases here -- I prefer to wait until the XML Namespaces draft proceeds to Proposed Recommendation before committing to any particular course of action.  </s>
<s> If I were implementing the WebDAV Distributed Authoring protocol, ideally I would make sure I could understand both types of XML Namespace.  </s>
<s> Section 17, "IANA Considerations" clearly states that we are defining a new URI scheme, and that it has been reserved for use by WebDAV.  </s>
<s> - Jim  </s>
<s> I would submit that a massive change has occurred (moving from a PI-based namespace definition to an attribute-based system).  </s>
<s> This kind of disparity can't really be a Good Thing(tm).  </s>
<s> Nevertheless, I do understand the feeling of not wanting to change something that will simply change again.  </s>
<s> However, moving it from about 20% to 90% of "correct" (before final approval of DAV) seems better, if this is a possible option.  </s>
<s> Cool...  </s>
<s> I'm glad that an update will occur at some point.  </s>
<s> I'll just hold out hope/argument for sooner rather than later :-)  </s>
<s> I can understand this.  </s>
<s> Doesn't a revision require a completely new RFC?  </s>
<s> Also, during this revision process, wouldn't the whole thing bog down because people would say, "hey... it's being revised.  </s>
<s> Let's get our pet features in on this round!" ?  </s>
<s> Would it be very disruptive to the current approval process to cut/paste a new section in?  </s>
<s> Or is it a matter of somebody needing to spend time (which is usually non-existent :-) to re-author that section?  </s>
<s> [ I'm not very clueful about the mechanics of the process here and what disruption might occur ]  </s>
<s> "icky" is a good word here.  </s>
<s> :-)  </s>
<s> Ah. I had missed that (sorry).  </s>
<s> Thanks for the pointer.  </s>
<s> thx, -g Greg Stein (gstein@lyra.org)  </s>
<s> There are also additional important changes, such as the addition of facilities for defaulting and scoping namespace declarations.  </s>
<s> These might prove themselves quite useful in WebDAV... Dan Daniel.Brickley@bristol.ac.uk Institute for Learning and Research Technology http://www.ilrt.bris.ac.uk/  </s>
