<s> Time: 10:00:00 Fri Jun 27 2003 in America/New York duration 120 minutes which is equivalent to 15:00:00 Fri Jun 27 2003 in Europe/London irc: irc.w3.org #rdfcore 1: scribe DanC (em is backup) Please could the minutes conform to: 2: Roll Call 3: Review Agenda 4: Next telecon 11 Jul 2003 1000 Boston Time It being unlikely that we'll be quorate on 04 Jul Volunteer Scribe 5: Minutes of 20 Jun 2003 telecon See: 6: Confirm Status of Completed Actions 7: Review of Owl test cases Status.  </s>
<s> 8: CC/PP response to RDFCore comments These were editorial and have been addressed to bwm's satisfaction: Propose - action bwm to respond to cc/pp stating that RDFCore's comments have been addressed to RDFCore's satisfaction.  </s>
<s> or, to allow time for further review by WG - action bwm to respond to cc/pp stating that RDFCore's comments have been addressed to RDFCore's satisfaction if no negative comments have been sent to the rdfcore list by Wed 02 Jul 2003.  </s>
<s> 9: Post last call comment from I18N see: 20030620#5 danc discuss i18n comment on literals with martin d?rst status?  </s>
<s> 10: Issue horst-01 We seem to have two proposals for resolving this: a) change the closure rules b) change the semantics Hopefully we will have an analysis of the pro's and cons of each by the telecon.  </s>
<s> It would be good to choose.  </s>
<s> Pat's message re option b Pat's message re option a HP message expressing preference for option a HP report on implementation feasibility of 12a and 12b rules 11: Issue qu-03 Discuss: 12: Schedule I suggest our current priorities are: - resolve outstanding comments - complete the responses to commentors - get the docs finished and reviewed Which docs ready for review?  </s>
<s> - syntax?  </s>
<s> - concepts?  </s>
<s> - test cases?  </s>
<s> - more?  </s>
<s> 13: Responses to Owl comments This agenda was produced by Jema, the Jena WG assistant, running on Jena 2  </s>
<s> Regrets as I have a flight during the telecon.  </s>
<s> Mike  </s>
<s> also regrets (whole day meeting in Munich) real regrets on the MT topic (well, I've a Management Team meeting in Munich, but that's different stuff) I've done tests with also including Jeremy's suggestion to have rdfs12a and b cases for rdfs:domain and rdfs:range and those test results were to my satisfaction (also running the OWL testcases).  </s>
<s> Jos De Roo, AGFA http://www.agfa.com/w3c/jdroo/  </s>
<s> Mike Dean Sent by: cc: w3c-rdfcore-wg@w3.org  </s>
<s> w3c-rdfcore-wg-requ Subject: Re: Agenda for RDFCore WG Telecon 2003-06-27 est@w3.org  </s>
<s> 2003-06-26 07:10 PM Regrets as I have a flight during the telecon.  </s>
<s> Mike  </s>
