<s> It is time to get started.  </s>
<s> To kick things off I'm making this proposal for how we proceed.  </s>
<s> Our schedule is: May - publish revised issue list, initial update MS errate page June - face to face Aug - public working draft documents The approach I propose is that we begin by focusing on describing and resolving the issues, then move to a spec writing phase once the key issues are resolved.  </s>
<s> There are currently 41 model and syntax issues, 14 schema issues and one against the FAQ.  </s>
<s> This way we will be able to split the work out amongst ourselves, bringing back descriptions, analysis and recommendations for consideration by the group as a whole.  </s>
<s> I propose that by end of May we aim to: o classify the issues o update the issue list with clear descriptions and analysis of the issues o update the errata pages  </s>
<s> By the end of the June face to face we: o have have key issues resolved  </s>
<s> o document structure agreed o editors appointed By end of August we: o have first public drafts of documents We need to get started writing up the issues and proposing resolutions.  </s>
<s> In deciding how to order things we should bear in mind: o some quick wins would be good  </s>
<s> o take the ones on which others depend early o take the unknowns that could have a big impact early o take the ones that facilitate the process early o cluster related issues together  </s>
<s> So here is a possible clustering: Editorial - quick fix in the errata Out of scope - not our job WG Global - terminology, document structure etc Core model - resources, uri's, anon resources, reification, ... XML Syntax - all pure syntax related issues Schema - all schema related issues Vocabulary - issues relating to things which can be built on the core model, e.g. containers Relationships - relationships with other specifications Misc - other My list of things I'd like to see volunteers to begin work on includes: o proposing updates to the errata documents o proposing a glossary o taking a first look at integrating schema data types o taking a first look at issues raised by the DAML group o proposing a working model for resources, uri's, entities, fragment id's etc  </s>
<s> Brian  </s>
<s> I'd much prefer that the chairs pick a few issues to work on each week, including this week; and that we resolve one or two of them at each teleconference, including the first one, 27Apr.  </s>
<s> Let's not spend group time classifying the issues.  </s>
<s> I'm happy to delegate that to the chairs (or folks they want to delegate the task to).  </s>
<s> I don't see any mention of test cases in your list.  </s>
<s> I hope resolution of each issue takes the form of a test case.  </s>
<s> I hope/expect that test cases will be the core of our work; for each telcon, I'd like to see two or three test cases on the agenda; the group should discuss the test cases and decide their disposition.  </s>
<s> Absolutely!  </s>
<s> Yes!  </s>
<s> That's all good stuff I'm happy for the chairs to do; you just tell us which issues are open for discussion, and we (individually) develop test cases that make them black-and-white; then when an issue has been captured in a test case, the chairs should put the question to the group about which test cases are deemed to succeed and which ones fail.  </s>
<s> Again, I don't see test cases.  </s>
<s> I propose that one of the first issues we tackle is because it impacts lots of running code that I've run into, and because there's a test case in the www-rdf-comments archive.  </s>
<s> Perhaps it's worth extracting that test case so that folks can GET it individually with their tools; and perhaps we need a few more test cases to fully capture the issue.  </s>
<s> But I hope that in the 27Apr telcon, we can decide the disposition of the tests around that issue or some issue similarly ripe.  </s>
<s> Dan Connolly, W3C http://www.w3.org/People/Connolly/  </s>
<s> Good point.  </s>
<s> OK. Can we also take a look at: the last of which is a step towards a more formal core model.  </s>
<s> Brian  </s>
