<s> I don't plan to necessarily do this every week, but I thought I would forward these Syntax WG notes on given their relevance and since I was purporting to represent workshop consensus.  </s>
<s> C14N: short hand for canonicalization.  </s>
<s> RD: Requirements Document Excerpt Text ---- In attendance: Joel Nava, Tim Bray (in part), James Tauber, Joseph Reagle, Murata Makoto, Tim Boland, ...  </s>
<s> 4. Canonicalization On the Needs of the Dsig Workshop for Canonical XML we had an email report from Joseph: Perhaps, we can get a more through report from Joseph, in the teleconference to see what we need to do to support XML DSig in C14N.  </s>
<s> Which we got.  </s>
<s> Resolved: We agree to add Schiller's proposal to RD. Seeing as we all believe that our work on C14N would certainly meet that test.  </s>
<s> [I guess that this means that this would also make it into the WD?] See: Joseph: Had Workshop - I18N not so important, but don't change the character compositions.  </s>
<s> Imagine collaberating on a document with signed pieces with colleagues in Europe using editors that change character composition.  </s>
<s> [Should we have a motherhood note that says to beware of taking signed documents into text editors, if they want the C14N to be the same before and after, and thus not break the security?] 3 levels of XML to Sign: 1) Byte level  </s>
<s> 2) Conversion to the standard encoding in use by the C14N Spec.  </s>
<s> 3) Full C14N, as described in the REC to be.  </s>
<s> New Co-IETF/W3C working group is being formed for XML-DSig.  </s>
<s> We note that the group has agreed that email discussions on C14N in our mailing list can be summarized, or cross posted as needed to the new group to facilitate coordination.  </s>
<s> We agreed on this by an email vote, and realize that the XML-DSig mail list will be public.  </s>
<s> Joseph is the informal liaison to this group, from that group to be.  </s>
<s> ACTION: James Tauber to put a req.  </s>
<s> in the RD about coordination with soon to be XML-DSig WG, including whether to hold up last call, PR, REC process after group has finished work, but XML-Dsig WG needs us to wait.  </s>
<s> We noted no hard deadlines on C14N besides the schedule for the completion of this WG. Joseph: What do we mean by entity expansion in C14N version?  </s>
<s> James: We expand all entities and put in place.  </s>
<s> No longer know where the entity boundaries are in the C14N form of the document.  </s>
<s> ACTION: James Tauber to send early WD to Joseph for early review  </s>
<s> of security issues.  </s>
<s> Joseph: DOCTYPE not part of C14N version, doesn't this cause a problem?  </s>
<s> James: We use all the available DTD information to create the C14N version, but there is no DTD in the C14N form.  </s>
<s> Joel: Put motherhood note in WD to explain namespaces better for document references than the reference to the DTD in the DOCTYPE declaration.  </s>
<s> Note in WD, that people may want to make docs standalone if DTD availability is in doubt.  </s>
<s> James Tauber: He is making a note with an Algorithm for making any XML doc standalone='yes', after he has finished the first WD. Joel: This could be a non-normative appendix in the spec.  </s>
<s> James Tauber: Need responses to email on C14N for processor conformance testing.  </s>
<s> See: James Tauber: Any need to worry about processing limited devices in RD? Joseph: Another motherhood note: If low on processing power use byte level conformance for XML-DSig.  </s>
<s> James Tauber: How small could a c14n processor be.  </s>
<s> Does anyone plan to build one?  </s>
<s> Volunteers?  </s>
<s> Joseph: What about extra processing by application?  </s>
<s> Joel: You can build it into a C14N processor if you want, but now it is not a conforming C14N processor, it's an application specific C14N processor.  </s>
<s> Besides that we are awaiting a new RD, and a first WD from James Tauber to review.  </s>
<s> RD was published just before the meeting.  </s>
<s> We can expect a first WD very soon.  </s>
<s> End Forwarded Text ---- Joseph Reagle Jr. W3C: http://www.w3.org/People/Reagle/ Policy Analyst Personal: http://web.mit.edu/reagle/www/  </s>
<s> Joseph,  </s>
<s> I noticed your comments about the absence of the DOCTYPE directive in the C14N form.  </s>
<s> Though I tend to agree that we may do without DTD defintions, I think that we still need a reference to the DTD.  </s>
<s> In most circumstances, this  </s>
<s> is the main piece of information to establishing the semantics of the document.  </s>
<s> Unless the root element is explicitly bound to the DTD namespace, this may be a problem.  </s>
<s> BTW: Do you known when an early draft of C14N will be available?  </s>
<s> Sincerely, Richard D. Brown  </s>
<s> 4. Canonicalization On the Needs of the Dsig Workshop for Canonical XML we had an email report from Joseph:  </s>
<s> 0076.html  </s>
<s> James Tauber: Any need to worry about processing limited devices in RD? Joseph: Another motherhood note: If low on processing power use byte level conformance for XML-DSig.  </s>
<s> James Tauber: How small could a c14n processor be.  </s>
<s> Does anyone plan to build one?  </s>
<s> Volunteers?  </s>
<s> Joseph: What about extra processing by application?  </s>
<s> Joel: You can build it into a C14N processor if you want, but now it is not a conforming C14N processor, it's an application specific C14N processor.  </s>
<s> RD was published just before the meeting.  </s>
<s> We can expect a first WD very soon.  </s>
<s> End Forwarded Text ---- Joseph Reagle Jr. W3C: http://www.w3.org/People/Reagle/ Policy Analyst Personal: http://web.mit.edu/reagle/www/  </s>
<s> this  </s>
<s> I hope to have a copy next week.  </s>
<s> I expect the working group will publish it shortly there-after.  </s>
<s> I originally expressed the same question as your own, but my understanding is that if you want to express semantics, use a namespace.  </s>
<s> I don't completely understand the discussion/answers to the questions I asked, but I think they were they right questions and that is why I'm looking forward to the WD being published so we can all have a look.  </s>
<s> I will be in London April 30-May 3. I will not have access to email, but will respond to your message as soon as possible after my return.  </s>
<s> I will be in Toronto May 7-14, but I hope to have access to email during that period.  </s>
<s> Joseph Reagle Jr. http://www.w3.org/People/Reagle/ Policy Analyst mailto:reagle@w3.org  </s>
