Folks, There is a room available on the Monday of the Tech Plenary that we could use for a face-to-face discussion (though it could not be an official meeting, since we haven't given 8 weeks notice). 
We need to decide if we want the room by Wednesday evening. 
Please send email saying whether you would like to take up this offer, and we'll take a decision at the meeting on Wednesday. 
Please also send mail to say what other groups you would like to observe. 
Thanks. 
RI PS: I hope you have all registered by now. 
(Note that the detail on the registration forms can be updated as plans change.) Richard Ishida W3C contact info: http://www.w3.org/People/Ishida/ W3C Internationalization FAQs http://www.w3.org/International/questions.html 
RSS feed: http://www.w3.org/International/questions.rss 
Richard, Yes, let's plan to meet. 
I am interested in attending any of the groups that are active or have issues with i18n or l10n. 
In the past, I know it was not possible to attend all the meetings we might want, due to restrictions imposed by the different groups. 
It would therefore be of tremendous value to me, if the task force chairs could outline how we might spend the week and get an indication of whether we will be allowed to attend the relevant groups. 
I am finalizing my plans, and a week or so out of the office is a long time... I'd really like to be sure I can make good use of the time. 
I am a little concerned that there might be a day here or there that we are not meeting and where I (and others) might not be able to attend the most desirable or useful meetings. 
I know this is not due to anything the task force chairs can do much about, but if you can recommend how members will be able to maximize use of their time, at least in the context of the task forces, that will be a great help in my planning and perhaps help others with justifications and the like. 
tex Tex Texin cell: +1 781 789 1898 mailto:Tex@XenCraft.com Xen Master http://www.i18nGuy.com 
XenCraft http://www.XenCraft.com 
Making e-Business Work Around the World I think we probably should have a meeting. 
I'm interested in observing XSLT, CSS, WAI. 
Deborah [mailto:public-i18n-geo-request@w3.org] 
On Behalf Of Richard Ishida Importance: High Folks, There is a room available on the Monday of the Tech Plenary that we could use for a face-to-face discussion (though it could not be an official meeting, since we haven't given 8 weeks notice). 
We need to decide if we want the room by Wednesday evening. 
Please send email saying whether you would like to take up this offer, and we'll take a decision at the meeting on Wednesday. 
Please also send mail to say what other groups you would like to observe. 
Thanks. 
RI PS: I hope you have all registered by now. 
(Note that the detail on the registration forms can be updated as plans change.) Richard Ishida W3C contact info: http://www.w3.org/People/Ishida/ W3C Internationalization FAQs RSS feed: http://www.w3.org/International/questions.rss 
BBCi at http://www.bbc.co.uk/ 
This e-mail (and any attachments) is confidential and may contain personal views which are not the views of the BBC unless specifically stated. 
If you have received it in error, please delete it from your system. 
Do not use, copy or disclose the information in any way nor act in reliance on it and notify the sender immediately. 
Please note that the BBC monitors e-mails sent or received. 
Further communication will signify your consent to this. 
