<s> Hello, The minutes are available at: http://www.w3.org/WAI/GL/meetings/20000217.html  </s>
<s> Note the Summary of action items (included below) and resolutions that we hope to see progress on by next week's meeting!  </s>
<s> And, don't forget: 1. to register for the Face2Face on March 20th in L.A. Info is available at month to register) 2. to rejoin the working group.  </s>
<s> refer to the "how to join" page at: 3. to comment on the latest draft of the techniques document available at: Summary of action items and resolutions from 17 February meeting WC add "title" to checkpoints, use this in the "checkpoints in thissection" rather than numbers OR make the headings more specific.  </s>
<s> WL go through CSS note to determine what should be incorporated into theCSS module.  </s>
<s> CMN go through checkpoints to see where they apply to SVG. WC go through SMIL note to see what we want to incorporate into teh techniques document.  </s>
<s> Resolution: in techniques document e.g., under checkpoint 1.1 where it says, "provide alt-text for image" (in HTML module) say "where can include multimedia, allow author to provide text equivalent" (in XML module).  </s>
<s> MM work on PDF issues and techniques.  </s>
<s> WC follow-up on Flash techniques with Rob Neff.  </s>
<s> be well, --wendy wendy a chisholm world wide web consortium web accessibility initiative madison, wi usa  </s>
<s> I think the editors have done a great job with the revision of the techniques!  </s>
<s> I have a couple of small points re the most recent WCAG minutes The minutes said to add heading or describption of check points instead of number - I think it should probably be in addition to the checkpoint number, which is important also.  </s>
<s> I have had strong interest in PDF accessibility, or its relative lack of accessibility, so would be interested in helping out in that area, while I get my head around the broader and more technical WAI issues.  </s>
<s> I want to be contributing something to the group, but I'd prefer to volunteer initially in an area which I've given a lot of thought to, and which I understand relatively well.  </s>
<s> Can you tell me who the initials MM is, who agreed to do some work on PDF - but I must have missed that specific action in the meeting.  </s>
<s> Not in the Minutes were two small points re the techniques that came in the meeting: 1. expanding the table of contents to include the TOC for other modules making up the set.  </s>
<s> 2. I suggested some more information up-front in the techniques documents explaining how the interrelate with one-another.  </s>
<s> I was quite confused for a while trying to get a sense of how the modules all interact withone-another - actually I am still a little fuzzy on this.  </s>
<s> These next points are not thoroughly thought through yet, but I wanted to get the issues on the table for discussion.  </s>
<s> This is an expansion of some of my comments in the meeting, and takes into consideration some comments made by Charles in the meeting. .  </s>
<s> It boils down to the whole question of structure of the techniques, whether and how to split sections out etc. Note that I wasn't involved when the breaking out discussion and background came up, and I'm still getting a good handle on the extent of the techniques etc.  </s>
<s> I'm certainly not advocating reversing any decissions, or saying that I think we shouldn't have separate modules!  </s>
<s> Anyway, here are my thoughts and a couple of general questions: I think the WAI Content materials are very good, but I do get a lot of feedback about readability structure etc by people who aren't overly technical - I think the work you've doing in filling out the techniques and making sure there aren't too many essential links that have to be followed in order to understand them, will go a long way to improving the usefulness of the materials.  </s>
<s> Including checkpoint summaries helps a lot, cause you don't get side-lined when reading, and the information makes more sense.  </s>
<s> A lot of sighted people automatically want to be able to [print a document out, for reading on the train etc etc, and as a blind person I do the same thing, taking documents off-line into my braille 'n speak or RoadRunner, to make the best use of my limited time.  </s>
<s> It is for this reason that I'm pushing for reference documents which might have substantial hypertext links, but which can also be accessed in a relatively linia fashion.  </s>
<s> For me, the overal length of the document isn't a concern, nor is moving to different sections of the same document to get additional information.  </s>
<s> - for me, same page links don't cause me problems, but having to jump to lots of separate documents do have the potential to reduce my effective reading - unless I'm online.  </s>
<s> I realise this is somewhat ironic, considering the nature of the subject under discussion - name hypertext - but the guidelines and techniques need to be "out there" in the hands of developers and that may mean keeping some focus on relative self-containment.  </s>
<s> I don't know if my comments create problems with the idea - and all the work done already - to split the techniques out by language etc - to be honest I'm not sure where I stand on this point, but I see the value in people not having to read reems and reems of techniques that don't apply to their implementation decissions.  </s>
<s> I have to admit that In starting to read the HTML document stand-alone, I didn't find that it meant a great deal for the first few screens - tables and so on, that didn't have a lot of context.  </s>
<s> Did I just not read far enough?  </s>
<s> Or, is the document just a supplement that is linked across to when you are at a particular checkpoint or guideline?  </s>
<s> In either case, your suggestion in the meeting to expand the table of contents in the primary document to include toc for the other modules, and my suggestion to add some extra information up front of the documents explaining the interrelationship between the different documents that make up the set I think would be very helpful.  </s>
<s> I'm only asking these questions to give you a sense of where I'm coming from, as I wasn't involved in the lead-up discussions resulting in a decission to break out some sections, and don't have a problem as such with that decission.  </s>
<s> Already I think the techniques are *much* better than the published versions to date, which probably wouldn't have happened so significantly without the work to split modules out.  </s>
<s> Thats about it on this subject from me for now Thanks Tim Noonan Behalf Of Wendy A Chisholm Hello, The minutes are available at: Note the Summary of action items (included below) and resolutions that we hope to see progress on by next week's meeting!  </s>
<s> And, don't forget: 1. to register for the Face2Face on March 20th in L.A. Info is available at month to register) 2. to rejoin the working group.  </s>
<s> refer to the "how to join" page at: 3. to comment on the latest draft of the techniques document available at: Summary of action items and resolutions from 17 February meeting WC add "title" to checkpoints, use this in the "checkpoints in thissection" rather than numbers OR make the headings more specific.  </s>
<s> WL go through CSS note to determine what should be incorporated into theCSS module.  </s>
<s> CMN go through checkpoints to see where they apply to SVG. WC go through SMIL note to see what we want to incorporate into teh techniques document.  </s>
<s> Resolution: in techniques document e.g., under checkpoint 1.1 where it says, "provide alt-text for image" (in HTML module) say "where can include multimedia, allow author to provide text equivalent" (in XML module).  </s>
<s> MM work on PDF issues and techniques.  </s>
<s> WC follow-up on Flash techniques with Rob Neff.  </s>
<s> be well, --wendy wendy a chisholm world wide web consortium web accessibility initiative madison, wi usa  </s>
<s> I have a similar experience to Tim, except I am obviously not as disciplined.  </s>
<s> When faced with 3 or 4 links to different places for the information I am unsure which ones to follow, and I find it distracting to have jumped back and forth so much.  </s>
<s> The net result is that I actually have a very poor mental catalog of what is in the techniques documents.  </s>
<s> If there were some information provided inline, along with the links, it would be easier to get a feeling for what is in there by reading it through.  </s>
<s> I realise there is a risk that then some people won't follow the links at all, but I think it would be worth trying it.  </s>
<s> Charles McCN Having some summary information inine would reduce the difficulty I have in understanding what material is in the techniques document, although at the possible risk of people not following the links.  </s>
<s> [snip] It is for this reason that I'm pushing for reference documents which might have substantial hypertext links, but which can also be accessed in a relatively linia fashion.  </s>
<s> For me, the overal length of the document isn't a concern, nor is moving to different sections of the same document to get additional information.  </s>
<s> - for me, same page links don't cause me problems, but having to jump to lots of separate documents do have the potential to reduce my effective reading - unless I'm online.  </s>
<s> I realise this is somewhat ironic, considering the nature of the subject under discussion - name hypertext - but the guidelines and techniques need to be "out there" in the hands of developers and that may mean keeping some focus on relative self-containment.  </s>
