<s> At the Interop working group meeting several months ago, the consensus of those attendees was that servers should be more strongly encouraged  </s>
<s> to consistently end collection URLs with trailing slashes (TS).  </s>
<s> Presumably this would replace some instances of SHOULD with MUST etc.  </s>
<s> Today however, a different group of WG attendees came to the opposite conclusion: that servers aren't going to get better at this (they  </s>
<s> already have their reasons if they're not using TS consistently, e.g. performance concerns of finding out if an internal resource is a collection).  </s>
<s> If servers won't get any better, then it's more pragmatic to encourage clients to check for the TS all the time.  </s>
<s> Under this view, clients should be easily capable of examining the TS before concatenating the name of a new resource they're about to create.  </s>
<s> Resource type is the correct way to determine whether a resource is a collection.  </s>
<s> There is some fallout if we move to the model of saying that it doesn't matter whether the server uses a TS ending or not.  </s>
<s> For example, if a client creates a collection without a TS, and the server prefers to use TS the server should respond with Content-Location and the "normal" name for the collection.  </s>
<s> Also, vice versa.  </s>
<s> This means that the client knows what to expect if it then does a PROPFIND on the resource.  </s>
<s> In other words, this puts the onus for handling TS on the client.  </s>
<s> I'd like to see some discussion if people have anything to add, or summary of advantages &amp; such.  </s>
<s> I'm thinking probably a straw poll shortly  </s>
<s> if Jim concurs.  </s>
<s> Lisa  </s>
<s> What is a resource type?  </s>
<s> ....Roy  </s>
<s> p.s. it is impossible to reach WG consensus at a face-to-face meeting, even a regular one.  </s>
<s> Can someone tell me how to get off this list?  </s>
<s> I've tried a couple of times.  </s>
<s> I'm sure you are all fine people, but this is not information I need.  </s>
<s> Thanks for your kind help and generosity.  </s>
<s> Matthew Wiseman, President Potato Communications, Inc.  </s>
<s> The concept defined by RFC2518, section 13.9.  </s>
<s> Specifically, a resource with type DAV:collection is a WebDAV (something where when you apply PROPFIND depth 1, internal members are going to be enumerated).  </s>
<s> So do you have any guidance how a working group is supposed to resolve open issues, if not by face-to-face and on-the-mailing list discussions?  </s>
<s> Then the issue should state that, not "resource type".  </s>
<s> It has to be something that the server has specifically told the client.  </s>
<s> We discuss them in both places (and in the hallways), and only poll for  </s>
<s> consensus on the mailing list.  </s>
<s> Otherwise, you'll just piss off the  </s>
<s> people  </s>
<s> who don't have enough money to attend F2F meetings.  </s>
<s> ....Roy  </s>
<s> RFC 2518, Sections 13.9 and 12.2.  </s>
<s> Lisa was very careful to state that it was meeting attendees, not the WG, reaching consensus.  </s>
<s> - Jim  </s>
<s> people I think this is what we are doing.  </s>
<s> for  </s>
<s> To be clear, we do poll for consensus in person, but that's a common IETF practice (sometimes implemented as a hum in large meetings).  </s>
<s> We have always brought in-person discussions and "conclusions" (to avoid the word "decisions" to the list for finality.  </s>
<s> That's why I mentioned having a straw poll on the list shortly if discussion points that way.  </s>
<s> Lisa  </s>
