I've got an opportunity to do some fun family stuff this Friday, so I'd like to know whether it conflicts with an RDF Core telcon. 
I haven't seen notice, and we're less than 7 days away, so I presume there's no WG telcon this week. 
Sorry if I missed an announcement to that effect. 
If the WG meets, I suppose it'll be somewhat unofficially. 
In that case, I offer regrets. 
Dan Connolly, W3C http://www.w3.org/People/Connolly/ 
Hmm, I was just wondering that myself. 
I see the following possible agenda items for a telecon: a) wording changes to the semantics doc b) advice to the CG about what to do about postponed issues Dan, would you like the WG to meet to discuss/approve the proposed wording changes? 
Will the 16th be soon enough? 
Eric, is the CG seeking input from the WG about b). WG, do folks want to meet to discuss a), b) or anything else? 
I will send a formal notification of a telecon for 16th Jan, but will cancel if its not needed. 
Dan, I hope you have fun on Friday. 
Brian > I've got an opportunity to do some fun family stuff this Friday, so I'd like to know whether it conflicts with an RDF Core telcon. 
> I haven't seen notice, and we're less than 7 days away, so I presume there's no WG telcon this week. 
> Sorry if I missed an announcement to that effect. 
> If the WG meets, I suppose it'll be somewhat unofficially. 
> In that case, I offer regrets. 
Dan Connolly, W3C http://www.w3.org/People/Connolly/ 
> Hmm, > I was just wondering that myself. 
> I see the following possible agenda items for a telecon: > a) wording changes to the semantics doc > b) advice to the CG about what to do about postponed issues > Dan, would you like the WG to meet to discuss/approve the proposed wording changes? 
> Will the 16th be soon enough? 
> Eric, is the CG seeking input from the WG about b). Yes. 
This issue was on last Monday's SW-CG agenda but time ran out before we were able to discuss this. 
The need isn't urgent (e.g. no need to have a rdf-core call just for this issue) but should be addressed some time by the end of the month. 
eric miller http://www.w3.org/people/em/ semantic web activity lead http://www.w3.org/2001/sw/ w3c world wide web consortium http://www.w3.org/ 
> Hmm, > I was just wondering that myself. 
> I see the following possible agenda items for a telecon: > a) wording changes to the semantics doc > b) advice to the CG about what to do about postponed issues > Dan, would you like the WG to meet to discuss/approve the proposed wording changes? 
yes. 
> Will the 16th be soon enough? 
Good question, but I haven't done the relevant calendar research to figure it out. 
EricM, I leave that to you. 
Call/page me if you'd like help. 
> Eric, is the CG seeking input from the WG about b). > WG, do folks want to meet to discuss a), b) or anything else? 
> I will send a formal notification of a telecon for 16th Jan, but will cancel if its not needed. 
> Dan, I hope you have fun on Friday. 
Likewise. 
1/2 ;-) > Brian >> I've got an opportunity to do some fun family stuff this Friday, so I'd like to know whether it conflicts with an RDF Core telcon. 
>> I haven't seen notice, and we're less than 7 days away, so I presume there's no WG telcon this week. 
>> Sorry if I missed an announcement to that effect. 
>> If the WG meets, I suppose it'll be somewhat unofficially. 
>> In that case, I offer regrets. 
Dan Connolly, W3C http://www.w3.org/People/Connolly/ 
> b) advice to the CG about what to do about postponed issues Personally I prefer not to discuss postponed issues (for new recs?) until we've got this one in the bag. 
As HP rep the position I represented was we did not need to resolve these issues in this standardization round. 
For the next few weeks that remains the position I wish to represent. 
When we get to rec, I have things that I individually think about the postponed issues and could contribute to a discussion. 
Sorry for being so cautious. 
Jeremy 
>> b) advice to the CG about what to do about postponed issues > Personally I prefer not to discuss postponed issues (for new recs?) until we've got this one in the bag. 
> As HP rep the position I represented was we did not need to resolve these issues in this standardization round. 
> For the next few weeks that remains the position I wish to represent. 
I was not clear. 
I was not proposing we discuss resolutions of the issues, but suggestions to the CG of how/whether these issues might, at some point in the future be resolved. 
For example, the WG might recommend to the CG that some issues are higher priority than others. 
Is that a discussion you feel able to contribute to? 
Brian 
>>> b) advice to the CG about what to do about postponed issues >> Personally I prefer not to discuss postponed issues (for new recs?) until we've got this one in the bag. 
>> As HP rep the position I represented was we did not need to resolve these issues in this standardization round. 
>> For the next few weeks that remains the position I wish to represent. 
> I was not clear. 
> I was not proposing we discuss resolutions of the issues, but suggestions to the CG of how/whether these issues might, at some point in the future be resolved. 
> For example, the WG might recommend to the CG that some issues are higher priority than others. 
> Is that a discussion you feel able to contribute to? 
I am not sure that we can have a procedural only discussion - I guess if I am unconfortable I will just stay quiet - and my silence should not be interpreted as assent. 
For instance, I decided to not reply to Grahams msg on the postponed issues despite disagreeing with it. 
Jeremy 
