<s> Reviewing the issue document (as of 16 Jun) I note that a couple of items on the "issues postponed" list seem to have been resolved by the current WG: - rdfms-abouteachprefix: has been discarded, no?  </s>
<s> - rdf-containers-otherapproaches: we've just decided to include a daml:collection like syntax  </s>
<s> I suggest these be regarded as closed.  </s>
<s> #g Graham Klyne  </s>
<s> No. We decided to remove aboutEachPrefix from the language, but postponed the issue so that a future WG may consider providing the functionality in some other form.  </s>
<s> We have, but that is not the same thing.  </s>
<s> This issue is about designing a new container mechanism from scratch which might well have bag like things done better.  </s>
<s> Brian  </s>
<s> Maybe we should send a note to the WebOnt folks, passing on the baton?  </s>
<s> (or at least offering it...).  </s>
<s> Dan  </s>
