<s> I'd like to propose a couple of meetings.  </s>
<s> 1. one to talk about the possible vocabularies for images and parts of images  </s>
<s> 2. to decide which vocabularies to use and come up with a sample piece of RDF that represents the sort of annotation we want (1) is one of the purposes of the new W3C proposed image description list, but obviously we need a quick decision - we need to pick one that does what we want, and we have a couple of examples.  </s>
<s> (2) is also becoming urgent, as it impacts on everthing else, including the UI and getting on with annotating.  </s>
<s> Somewhere we might also talk about what things we need to identify (images, people, parts of images, places etc), and how we might go about it.  </s>
<s> Any takers?  </s>
<s> I can do (almost) any time - any prefered?  </s>
<s> Libby  </s>
<s> This is the TEMPORARY discussion list for the W3 Semantic-Photo History Project.  </s>
<s> For questions, contact greg@fotonotes.net.  </s>
<s> Subscribe Instructions Body: subscribe Unsubscribe Instructions Body: unsubscribe Help Body: help  </s>
<s> Libby - my time is really limited, but I am of course interested -- Jen is probably more available and whatever we come up with, we  </s>
<s> probably need to integrate it with her ontology...  </s>
<s> what is the "new W3C proposed image description list"?  </s>
<s> Professor James Hendler http://www.cs.umd.edu/users/hendler  </s>
<s> Director, Semantic Web and Agent Technologies 301-405-2696 Univ of Maryland, College Park, MD 20742 240-277-3388 (Cell) This is the TEMPORARY discussion list for the W3 Semantic-Photo History Project.  </s>
<s> For questions, contact greg@fotonotes.net.  </s>
<s> Subscribe Instructions Body: subscribe Unsubscribe Instructions Body: unsubscribe Help Body: help  </s>
<s> * Jim Hendler hendler@cs.umd.edu [2004-01-15 09:17-0500]  </s>
<s> I drafted a proposal for an IG-sponsored list, see http://esw.w3.org/topic/ImageDescriptionList  </s>
<s> Dan  </s>
<s> This is the TEMPORARY discussion list for the W3 Semantic-Photo History Project.  </s>
<s> For questions, contact greg@fotonotes.net.  </s>
<s> Subscribe Instructions Body: subscribe Unsubscribe Instructions Body: unsubscribe Help Body: help  </s>
<s> ok great :)  </s>
<s> sorry, I meant: http://esw.w3.org/topic/ImageDescriptionList Libby  </s>
<s> This is the TEMPORARY discussion list for the W3 Semantic-Photo History Project.  </s>
<s> For questions, contact greg@fotonotes.net.  </s>
<s> Subscribe Instructions Body: subscribe Unsubscribe Instructions Body: unsubscribe Help Body: help  </s>
<s> I'm a definite taker.  </s>
<s> I can do basically any time, though the later it is, the better.  </s>
<s> I keep an odd schedule... Thanks, jen  </s>
<s> This is the TEMPORARY discussion list for the W3 Semantic-Photo History Project.  </s>
<s> For questions, contact greg@fotonotes.net.  </s>
<s> Subscribe Instructions Body: subscribe Unsubscribe Instructions Body: unsubscribe Help Body: help  </s>
<s> How about a meeting tomorrow about parts of images (1) and one on  </s>
<s> Wednesday to decide on a sample piece of RDF (2)?  </s>
<s> I suggest 1600 GMT for both.  </s>
<s> This could change - please let me know (offlist?) if you can't make it and you want to be there, and we'll try and come to some sort of compromise.  </s>
<s> Alternatively, if you have a strong view and can't make either meeting, send a message here describing your position on either topic.  </s>
<s> I think there will be much more discussion in the future about how best to describe parts of images in the RDF community, so tomorrow's meeting would only be a discussion with a view to setting out a proposal for this project to use.  </s>
<s> Libby This is the TEMPORARY discussion list for the W3 Semantic-Photo History  </s>
<s> Project.  </s>
<s> For questions, contact greg@fotonotes.net.  </s>
<s> Subscribe Instructions Body: subscribe Unsubscribe Instructions Body: unsubscribe Help Body: help  </s>
<s> hi Greg The reason I put them that way around was because the sample RDF has a dependency on the way we represent parts of an image.  </s>
<s> I'll see who turns up and we'll make the best use of the time we can.  </s>
<s> If we use the times to come up with proposals to send to this list, then people can comment further on them here.  </s>
<s> Libby  </s>
<s> This is the TEMPORARY discussion list for the W3 Semantic-Photo History Project.  </s>
<s> For questions, contact greg@fotonotes.net.  </s>
<s> Subscribe Instructions Body: subscribe Unsubscribe Instructions Body: unsubscribe Help Body: help  </s>
<s> Apologies for the bad timing of the meeting for you Masahide.  </s>
<s> Many thanks for your comments.  </s>
<s> I will make sure they are taken account of in the meeting.  </s>
<s> Libby  </s>
<s> Hi all, 1600 GMT is midnight here (Tokyo) and I'm not sure to be able to join, so I would put some comments here.  </s>
<s> This is the TEMPORARY discussion list for the W3 Semantic-Photo History Project.  </s>
<s> For questions, contact greg@fotonotes.net.  </s>
<s> Subscribe Instructions Body: subscribe Unsubscribe Instructions Body: unsubscribe Help Body: help  </s>
<s> From: Fotonotes info@fotonotes.net  </s>
<s> Date: Tue Jan 20, 2004 8:43:51 AM America/New_York To: Subject: It would be better for me if we could have the meeting regarding parts of images on Wed and discuss the sample RDF today at 1600 GMT.  </s>
<s> I am in some meetings today and don't know if I can make the 1600 GMT.  </s>
<s> If that is the best for image discussion...go for it.  </s>
<s> I'd like to suggest as strongly as possible that we make decisions for a first cut at things by Wed/Thursday.  </s>
<s> This first cut will be just that...what we use to assemble a first iteration of the repository.  </s>
<s> I think the elements of this first cut are: - 100+ images or so from our own collections - one CC license - Fotonotes interface to annotate parts with revised fields (3-4) to enter some structured information - An advanced interface for adding RDF (etc) information to the image overall - AKTive space viewing for browsing all images - Jim Hendler's stuff as the first "alternative" interface.  </s>
<s> I see this first cut lasting between 2 and 4 weeks.  </s>
<s> So we can all live with it a bit and then see what we need to change/improve.  </s>
<s> But let's pull together a "first draft" version of everything this week.  </s>
<s> That gives us until Feb 5 to play with before having the repository live.  </s>
<s> (This project is going great, everyone!  </s>
<s> Thanks!) best, Greg  </s>
<s> This is the TEMPORARY discussion list for the W3 Semantic-Photo History Project.  </s>
<s> For questions, contact greg@fotonotes.net.  </s>
<s> Subscribe Instructions Body: subscribe Unsubscribe Instructions Body: unsubscribe Help Body: help  </s>
