<s> Hello, I've published a document that proposes a framework for determining conformance requirements for the checkpoints of the User Agent Accessibility Guidelines 1.0.  </s>
<s> I estimate that the checkpoints in sections 1 and 2 can be readily  </s>
<s> addressed and that the WG should focus on section 3. Comments on all are welcome (e.g., whether you agree with the categorization, whether you think a different categorization would be better for thinking about the checkpoints, etc.).  </s>
<s> - Ian [1] http://www.w3.org/WAI/UA/2000/05/ua-minreqs.html  </s>
<s> Ian Jacobs (jacobs@w3.org) http://www.w3.org/People/Jacobs Cell: +1 917 450-8783  </s>
<s> To avoid flooding the issues list, I propose that we update this document in place as we identify the requirements for each checkpoint.  </s>
<s> The document includes a "Last Modified" date at the bottom.  </s>
<s> If anyone feels that this document should not be modified in place and that we should be able to refer to older versions, please let me know.  </s>
<s> I have just updated the document based on the results of today's teleconference.  </s>
<s> There are links to the minutes.  </s>
<s> Please note that this document is meant to be a tool for helping us resolve issue 257.  </s>
<s> The expectation is that after we have finished, we will fold the results directly into as discussed at the 4 May teleconference [3].  </s>
<s> There was consensus on the call today that identifying conformance requirements now rather than later is a good idea.  </s>
<s> - Ian [2] http://cmos-eng.rehab.uiuc.edu/ua-issues/issues-linear.html#257 [3] http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/w3c-wai-ua/2000AprJun/0281.html  </s>
<s> Ian Jacobs (jacobs@w3.org) http://www.w3.org/People/Jacobs Cell: +1 917 450-8783  </s>
<s> This seems like a sensible process.  </s>
<s> I assume that the document is kept under CVS, and that it is therefore relatively simple to get older versions.  </s>
<s> Charles  </s>
<s> To avoid flooding the issues list, I propose that we update this document in place as we identify the requirements for each checkpoint.  </s>
<s> The document includes a "Last Modified" date at the bottom.  </s>
<s> If anyone feels that this document should not be modified in place and that we should be able to refer to older versions, please let me know.  </s>
<s> I have just updated the document based on the results of today's teleconference.  </s>
<s> There are links to the minutes.  </s>
<s> Please note that this document is meant to be a tool for helping us resolve issue 257.  </s>
<s> The expectation is that after we have finished, we will fold the results directly into as discussed at the 4 May teleconference [3].  </s>
<s> There was consensus on the call today that identifying conformance requirements now rather than later is a good idea.  </s>
<s> - Ian [2] http://cmos-eng.rehab.uiuc.edu/ua-issues/issues-linear.html#257 [3] http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/w3c-wai-ua/2000AprJun/0281.html  </s>
<s> Ian Jacobs (jacobs@w3.org) http://www.w3.org/People/Jacobs Cell: +1 917 450-8783 W3C Web Accessibility Initiative http://www.w3.org/WAI Location: I-cubed, 110 Victoria Street, Carlton VIC 3053 Postal: GPO Box 2476V, Melbourne 3001, Australia  </s>
