<s> WAI UA Telecon for 1 July 1999  </s>
<s> Chair: Ian Jacobs Scribe: Charles McCathieNevile Time: 12:00 noon to 1:30 pm Eastern Standard Time Call-in: W3C Tobin Bridge (+1) 617-252-7000)  </s>
<s> If you have other agenda items you'd like to discuss, let me know.  </s>
<s> Regrets: Jon Gunderson, Rich Schwertdfeger, Mark Novak Update on Open Action Items: 1) Action CMN: Send URI on default keyboard bindings to list.  </s>
<s> Ian will then include in Techniques document.  </s>
<s> 2) Action CMN: Send request to blinux users for info about orientation.  </s>
<s> 3) Action IJ: Send similar request to IG. 4) Action GG: Send ideas on dependent tool point of regard to list.  </s>
<s> 5) Action Editors: - Add checkpoint about turning on/off author-supplied keyboard bindings.  </s>
<s> Status: Done in internal source files.  </s>
<s> Agenda: 1) CMN proposes allowing the user to configure the arrangement of user interface controls (visually) as a P3. 2) Checkpoints for guideline 3, about documentation, should be P1. having to guess these things makes it effectively impossible.  </s>
<s> (Both from Proposal on changes to navigation checkpoints (http://cmos-eng.rehab.uiuc.edu/ua-issues/issues-table.html#66)  </s>
<s> Notification of document changes due to scripting events (http://cmos-eng.rehab.uiuc.edu/ua-issues/issues-table.html#54)  </s>
<s> Should user agents be able recognize markup for navigation bars (http://cmos-eng.rehab.uiuc.edu/ua-issues/issues-table.html#3)  </s>
<s> Navigation and activation of elements with ACCESSKEY attributes defined (http://cmos-eng.rehab.uiuc.edu/ua-issues/issues-table.html#43)  </s>
<s> Keyboard mapping among assistive technology tools (Issue #64) (http://cmos-eng.rehab.uiuc.edu/ua-issues/issues-table.html#64)  </s>
<s> Suggestions from Marja about Orientation guideline (http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/w3c-wai-ua/1999AprJun/0245.html)  </s>
<s> My apologies, I jumped the gun by a day.  </s>
<s> The meeting is Wednesday 30 June.  </s>
<s> - Ian  </s>
<s> For the 30 June teleconf...  </s>
<s> This includes me!  </s>
<s> Looking through my inbox, we haven't reached consensus on a few more proposals: Proposed changes to Guideline 7: (http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/w3c-wai-ua/1999AprJun/0207.html)  </s>
<s> Guideline for Keyboard Accessibility: (http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/w3c-wai-ua/1999AprJun/0208.html)  </s>
<s> I'd like to get more input on these proposals at tomorrow's meeting.  </s>
<s> I realize that Jon, Rich, and Mark Novak won't be at the meeting, but this will be an opportunity for others to comment on the proposals.  </s>
<s> If you haven't had a chance to review them yet, please take this opportunity to do so.  </s>
<s> Thank you, - Ian  </s>
