<s> A. I would like to reserve a special two hour telecon on February 17th from 12:00 EST to 2:00 EST (Unitied States) to discuss the issue of the checkpoints for the UA guidelines in relation to Desktop Graphical User Agents (DGUA) and assistive technology (AT).  </s>
<s> B. I would like ALL DEVELOPERS in the UA group to participate in this call!!!! Please let me know as soon as possible if you CAN or CANNOT participate in this telecon.  </s>
<s> C. I will be contacting other assistive technology developers to attend this telecon meeting.  </s>
<s> If anybody in the group knows of developers that are currently not participating in the group that could contribute to this discussion, please invite them directly (please let me know that you have invited them so I can make sure we have room on the bridge) or pass their name and contact information to me and I will contact them.  </s>
<s> D. Tentative Agenda 1. What types of information or control do assistive technology developers want from DGUA to improve their ability to provide alternative rendering or input control?  </s>
<s> 2. What are the features, capabilities and limitations of current and future DOM specifications in helping to provide access to DGUA? 3. What are the features, capabilities and limitations of current and future accessibility APIs in providing access to DGUA? 4. What is the relationship between accessibility APIs and DOM in providing access?  </s>
<s> 5. What checkpoints can be included in the working draft to reflect the needs of assistive technology developers?  </s>
<s> If you have any suggestions or modifications to this agenda, please contact me through the list.  </s>
<s> I chose February 17th to provide time to contact AT developers to attend.  </s>
<s> I would also like to encourage the continued discussion and presentation of information on the UA list on the interface between DGUA and AT. Thanks, Jon Chair UA working group Jon Gunderson, Ph.D., ATP Coordinator of Assistive Communication and Information Technology Division of Rehabilitation - Education Services University of Illinois at Urbana/Champaign 1207 S. Oak Street Champaign, IL 61820 Voice: 217-244-5870 E-mail: jongund@uiuc.edu  </s>
<s> WWW:http://www.staff.uiuc.edu/~jongund  </s>
<s> Jon, On Feb 17, I'll be in Redmond, as part of the Microsoft Accessibility Advisory Board, representing AOTA.  </s>
<s> I won't be available for this extended meeting.  </s>
<s> The next week, I'd be available from 12:00 to 1:20, though.  </s>
<s> Denis Anson, MS, OTR Assistant Professor Computer Access Specialist College Misericordia 301 Lake Street Dallas, PA 18612 RESNA The International Organization of Assistive Technology Professionals Member since 1989 Behalf Of Jon Gunderson Graphical User Agents and Assistive Technology on 17 February  </s>
<s> A. I would like to reserve a special two hour telecon on February 17th from 12:00 EST to 2:00 EST (Unitied States) to discuss the issue of the checkpoints for the UA guidelines in relation to Desktop Graphical User Agents (DGUA) and assistive technology (AT).  </s>
<s> B. I would like ALL DEVELOPERS in the UA group to participate in this call!!!! Please let me know as soon as possible if you CAN or CANNOT participate in this telecon.  </s>
<s> C. I will be contacting other assistive technology developers to attend this telecon meeting.  </s>
<s> If anybody in the group knows of developers that are currently not participating in the group that could contribute to this discussion, please invite them directly (please let me know that you have invited them so I can make sure we have room on the bridge) or pass their name and contact information to me and I will contact them.  </s>
<s> D. Tentative Agenda 1. What types of information or control do assistive technology developers want from DGUA to improve their ability to provide alternative rendering or input control?  </s>
<s> 2. What are the features, capabilities and limitations of current and future DOM specifications in helping to provide access to DGUA? 3. What are the features, capabilities and limitations of current and future accessibility APIs in providing access to DGUA? 4. What is the relationship between accessibility APIs and DOM in providing access?  </s>
<s> 5. What checkpoints can be included in the working draft to reflect the needs of assistive technology developers?  </s>
<s> If you have any suggestions or modifications to this agenda, please contact me through the list.  </s>
<s> I chose February 17th to provide time to contact AT developers to attend.  </s>
<s> I would also like to encourage the continued discussion and presentation of information on the UA list on the interface between DGUA and AT. Thanks, Jon Chair UA working group Jon Gunderson, Ph.D., ATP Coordinator of Assistive Communication and Information Technology Division of Rehabilitation - Education Services University of Illinois at Urbana/Champaign 1207 S. Oak Street Champaign, IL 61820 Voice: 217-244-5870 E-mail: jongund@uiuc.edu  </s>
<s> WWW:http://www.staff.uiuc.edu/~jongund  </s>
<s> I will be there, calling in from MIT. - Ian Ian Jacobs (jacobs@w3.org)  </s>
<s> Me Too.  </s>
<s> Charles  </s>
<s> I will be there, calling in from MIT. - Ian Ian Jacobs (jacobs@w3.org) --Charles McCathieNevile mailto:charles@w3.org  </s>
<s> W3C Web Accessibility Initiative http://www.w3.org/WAI MIT/LCS - 545 Technology sq., Cambridge MA, 02139, USA  </s>
