<s> Hi all,  </s>
<s> the W3C is holding a Technical plenary meeting in Southern France next year - february 25 - march 1.  </s>
<s> These meetings are an opportunity for many different  </s>
<s> working groups to hold face to face meetings, and for part of those meetings to be held jointly with other groups whose work may overlap, or to spend time talking to members of other groups about intersection of work.  </s>
<s> At the face to face meeting in Amsterdam it was proposed that we would ask to meet at this event, but we need to find out how many people would plan to attend - it is clear that not everyone can get to any venue we choose.  </s>
<s> Therefore if people would attend an AU meeting at this event please write to the list and say so - we need sufficient response to justify asking for the meeting space to be reserved for us.  </s>
<s> cheers Charles PS I will be able to attend Location: 21 Mitchell street FOOTSCRAY Vic 3011, Australia (or W3C INRIA, Route des Lucioles, BP 93, 06902 Sophia Antipolis Cedex, France)  </s>
<s> I plan to be there.  </s>
<s> Giorgio Brajnik University of Udine, Italy  </s>
<s> I plan on being there...............Katie  </s>
<s> As I stated before, having to pay my own way, the plenary meeting would be the one I would save up for, I certainly plan to be there - and I plan to be there completely, not half ;-) Marjolein Katsma HomeSite Help - http://hshelp.com/ Bookstore for Webmasters - http://hshelp.com/bookstore/bookstore.html  </s>
<s> We need to reconfirm or not.  </s>
<s> The grops expected to be there are HTML, Xforms, XML Core, CSS, SVG, Voice, RDF Core, i18n, XSL, XML Protocols, XML Schema, DOM, WAI EO, WAI PF, and MathML.  </s>
<s> Out of those I would suggest that interesting ones for us are (no particular order) HTML, Xforms, SVG, CSS, Voice, XML Schema and MathML.  </s>
<s> It is an open question whether we try to meet formally with these groups, or try to pin down people to talk to us for a little while about authoring methods/issues for various areas, or try to nail people for one-on-one hallway chat...  </s>
<s> Also, how many people are expecting to attend?  </s>
<s> At the moment I have Marjolein, Giorgio, Me, Liddy, Katie, Phill, as likely, unknown for Carlos, Jan and Jutta, and not likely for Heather cheers  </s>
<s> Chaals Hi all, the W3C is holding a Technical plenary meeting in Southern France next year - february 25 - march 1.  </s>
<s> These meetings are an opportunity for many different working groups to hold face to face meetings, and for part of those meetings to be held jointly with other groups whose work may overlap, or to spend time talking to members of other groups about intersection of work.  </s>
<s> At the face to face meeting in Amsterdam it was proposed that we would ask to meet at this event, but we need to find out how many people would plan to attend - it is clear that not everyone can get to any venue we choose.  </s>
<s> Therefore if people would attend an AU meeting at this event please write to the list and say so - we need sufficient response to justify asking for the meeting space to be reserved for us.  </s>
<s> cheers Charles PS I will be able to attend Location: 21 Mitchell street FOOTSCRAY Vic 3011, Australia (or W3C INRIA, Route des Lucioles, BP 93, 06902 Sophia Antipolis Cedex, France)  </s>
<s> Charles, Include me in the "likely" list.  </s>
<s> I cannot confirm until late December.  </s>
<s> carlos  </s>
<s> Dr Carlos A Velasco Fraunhofer-Institut f?r Angewandte Informationstechnik (FIT.HEB) [Fraunhofer Institute for Applied Information Technology (FIT.HEB)]  </s>
<s> Schloss Birlinghoven, D53757 Sankt Augustin (Germany)  </s>
<s> Charles there is a clash between the IMS Accessibility Working Group meeting in Sydney and this meeting.  </s>
<s> One possibility is that at least Jutta and I are organised about making sure it is possible to attend both meetings - not sure if Jutta can but I'd like to.  </s>
<s> So I guess the question is: exactly when will the ATAG group meet or is this not yet confirmed and can we choose?  </s>
<s> Unfortunately I will not be able to attend today's - this week's teleconf.  </s>
<s> I cannot get a connection or pay the phone bill from here in Japan at that time of night!  </s>
<s> Liddy  </s>
<s> Well, according to the minutes of the face to face we agreed to ask for the beginning of the week (25/26 Feb) so I did.  </s>
<s> Jutta, any news on this?  </s>
<s> (I have you down as a possible rather than definite so far anyway - any news on that?) cheers chaals Charles there is a clash between the IMS Accessibility Working Group meeting in Sydney and this meeting.  </s>
<s> One possibility is that at least Jutta and I are organised about making sure it is possible to attend both meetings - not sure if Jutta can but I'd like to.  </s>
<s> So I guess the question is: exactly when will the ATAG group meet or is this not yet confirmed and can we choose?  </s>
<s> Unfortunately I will not be able to attend today's - this week's teleconf.  </s>
<s> I cannot get a connection or pay the phone bill from here in Japan at that time of night!  </s>
<s> Liddy Location: 21 Mitchell street FOOTSCRAY Vic 3011, Australia (or W3C INRIA, Route des Lucioles, BP 93, 06902 Sophia Antipolis Cedex, France)  </s>
