<s> I am planning my schedule at CHI 2003 <http://www.chi2003.org/>  </s>
<s> - will there be anything happening at the conference related to this W3C User interest group?  </s>
<s> I do not see anything on the program yet, but I suspect we could at least have an informal SIG - a chance to meet others and bring someone like me (who missed the workshop) up to speed on what is happening.  </s>
<s> Like all CHIs, there will be many competing activities, so the sooner we can set this up the more likely I can attend.  </s>
<s> Keith keith@instone.org http://keith.instone.org/  </s>
<s> I will be at CHI.  </s>
<s> I sent an email to Steven Pemberton about getting an update on his draft of the charter and its status at W3C.  </s>
<s> I really would like to get some updated info.  </s>
<s> before planning an informal SIG.  </s>
<s> However, if you email me that you are interested in meeting at CHI, I can try to arrange something-- either signing up for an informal sig or arranging to meet for lunch or something.  </s>
<s> Sharon Quoting Keith Instone keith@instone.org : > I am planning my schedule at CHI 2003 http://www.chi2003.org/  </s>
<s> - > will there be anything happening at the conference related to this  W3C User interest group?  </s>
<s> > I do not see anything on the program yet, but I suspect we could at least have an informal SIG > - a chance to meet others and bring someone like me (who missed the workshop) up to speed on what is happening.  </s>
<s> > Like all CHIs, there will be many competing activities, so the sooner we can set this up the more likely I can attend.  </s>
<s> > Keith > keith@instone.org http://keith.instone.org/  </s>
<s> It's been quite a while since I've seen any traffic on this list serv.  </s>
<s> I had to check with Matt May to make sure things were still in synch on the working group.  </s>
<s> Let's not lose our zeal folks!  </s>
<s> -Mike > I will be at CHI. > I sent an email to Steven Pemberton about getting an update on his draft of the charter and its status at W3C. > I really would like to get some updated info.  </s>
<s> before planning an informal SIG.  </s>
<s> > However, if you email me that you are interested in meeting at CHI, I can try to arrange something > -- either signing up for an informal sig or arranging to meet for lunch or something.  </s>
<s> > Sharon Quoting Keith Instone <keith@instone.org>  </s>
<s> : >> I am planning my schedule at CHI 2003 http://www.chi2003.org/  </s>
<s> - >> will there be anything happening at the conference related to this  W3C User interest group?  </s>
<s> >> I do not see anything on the program yet, but I suspect we could at least have an informal SIG >> - a chance to meet others and bring someone like me (who missed the workshop) up to speed on what is happening.  </s>
<s> >> Like all CHIs, there will be many competing activities, so the sooner we can set this up the more likely I can attend.  </s>
<s> >> Keith >> keith@instone.org http://keith.instone.org/  </s>
<s> I think we decided at the NIST meetings to have our next meeting at CHI, and I have been planning on such a meeting there.  </s>
<s> Did this plan change?  </s>
<s> Chip > I will be at CHI. > I sent an email to Steven Pemberton about getting an update on his draft of the charter and its status at W3C. > I really would like to get some updated info.  </s>
<s> before planning an informal SIG.  </s>
<s> > However, if you email me that you are interested in meeting at CHI, I can try to arrange something > -- either signing up for an informal sig or arranging to meet for lunch or something.  </s>
<s> > Sharon > Quoting Keith Instone keith@instone.org : >> I am planning my schedule at CHI 2003 http://www.chi2003.org/  </s>
<s> - >> will there be anything happening at the conference related to this  W3C User interest group?  </s>
<s> >> I do not see anything on the program yet, but I suspect we could at least have an informal SIG >> - a chance to meet others and bring someone like me (who missed the workshop) up to speed on what is happening.  </s>
<s> >> Like all CHIs, there will be many competing activities, so the sooner we can set this up the more likely I can attend.  </s>
<s> >> Keith >> keith@instone.org http://keith.instone.org/  </s>
<s> C h i p A l e x a n d e r Design Lead, User Interface Guidelines CTO-User Experience Group Chip.Alexander@sun.com  </s>
<s> Sun Microsystems, Menlo Park 650/786-4551 (or x84551)  </s>
<s> I have been in contact with Steven Pemberton.  </s>
<s> Here is the plan for CHI: I will sign up for an informal SIG at CHI.  </s>
<s> I haven't found out the time slots yet, but will try to today.  </s>
<s> For those of you who want to attend the sig, let me know if you have any hard constraints and I will try to sign up for a time to accommodate as many people as possible.  </s>
<s> Steven and I will also meet at CHI for planning purposes.  </s>
<s> Sharon  </s>
<s> The most convenient time to schedule the W3C UIG informal sig discussion is: Tuesday 4/8 1-2:30pm This is the lunchtime slot.  </s>
<s> I don't think we will need the entire 90 minutes so there will be time for lunch afterwards.  </s>
<s> As of Friday, this slot was still open for an informal SIG.  </s>
<s> If this is not available or there are conflicts, Wednesday 4/9 1-2:30 will be the backup.  </s>
<s> I will email the informal SIG people and get on the schedule this afternoon and confirm via this listserv.  </s>
<s> Hope to see you next week.  </s>
<s> Sharon  </s>
<s> CHI attendees: We have a confirmed Informal SIG time slot for the W3C Usability Interest Group Planning at CHI: Tuesday 4/8 1-2:30 Sharon  </s>
