<s> This is a call for agenda items for this week RDF Core teleconference.  </s>
<s> Suggested agenda for consideration should must be submitted by Thursday noon, ET time.  </s>
<s> Please note, Friday's agenda may be a little late, I expect to get this out early afternoon Thursday ET. eric miller http://www.w3.org/people/em/ semantic web activity lead http://www.w3.org/2001/sw/ w3c world wide web consortium http://www.w3.org/  </s>
<s> I'm aiming to have an updated abstract model document ready today.  </s>
<s> I've incorporated most changes from the telecon 2 weeks ago.  </s>
<s> I have some of Jeremy's changes to fold in and I think it's ready for further consideration.  </s>
<s> Should be later today (i.e. first thing Thursday, ET, is my goal).  </s>
<s> #g  </s>
<s> Graham Klyne  </s>
<s> There's a new version of the Primer at Given our new scheduling arrangements I don't necessarily expect to see this republished (there are still some big holes, and I'll continue to work on additional stuff as noted in the comments).  </s>
<s> There's a (new) "Changes" appendix that summarizes the major changes.  </s>
<s> The main item of immediate general interest is probably the introduction of the shorthand triples notation I was commissioned to do, in section 2.3, since other documents are supposed to use this notation.  </s>
<s> However, if anyone has spare cycles I'd appreciate comments on the new material on URIs and fragments in section 2.1, QNames in 2.2, the new blank node example in 2.4, the rewrite of section 3, the rewrite of schemas (now section 5), the new section 4 (and its organization),......(there are changes all over the place).  </s>
<s> I'm hoping to get a new subsection on medical applications written for section 6 too.  </s>
<s> --Frank Frank Manola The MITRE Corporation 202 Burlington Road, MS A345 Bedford, MA 01730-1420  </s>
