<s> I'm glad to see from the meeting notes that I wasn't the only one who wondered about Core versus Basic (Core + checkout + fork control).  </s>
<s> I agree with Mark and Larry that Core is sufficient to implement versioning, and with Eric that some clients will be perfectly happy to deal with Core-level servers.  </s>
<s> So I believe DeltaV should have a package which is just Core.  </s>
<s> I would not replace Core with Basic.  </s>
<s> Given that decision, I would rename Basic to avoid the implication that it's the minimum package, or otherwise make it clear that Core is the minimum.  </s>
<s> I disagree with Geoff and JimW that adding checkout and fork control is low cost for any server wishing to be DeltaV-compliant.  </s>
<s> Recall that checkout requires mutable VCRs on the server which hold intermediate state between checkout and checkin, whereas Core has no such requirement.  </s>
<s> Core allows all server-resident resources to be immutable, which is arguably a more consistent model than the mixed model with checkout (mutable checked-out VCRs, everything else immutable).  </s>
<s> For existing versioning servers that disallow mutable objects, the cost of supporting checkout is non-trivial, because code would have to be written to subvert the fundamental design of the server.  </s>
<s> --Chuck Fay FileNET Corporation, 3565 Harbor Blvd., Costa Mesa, CA 92626  </s>
<s> Thanks for taking and posting the notes, John!  </s>
<s> Just one minor correction to the minutes: Have talked it over with ADs to see what kind of standard they need to meet before submitting draft to AD; Patrik said it's really down to whether the chair thinks there's consensus.  </s>
<s> If the AD doesn't find any omissions/flaws, then they'll issue the IESG Last Call.  </s>
<s> Yes, this was Patrik.  </s>
<s> Patrik has already given one approving comment on the doc (he likes server-side workspaces), suggesting that he's been keeping track of deltav well enough that he's probably already spotted major gotchas that might hold it up.  </s>
<s> It actually was Ned who made this comment (Ned is the AD responsible for the DeltaV protocol).  </s>
<s> I'm not sure that it would be appropriate to infer that he's already spotted major gotchas that might hold it up (Ned made no such claim), but I felt it was a good indication of his knowledge and interest in the area.  </s>
<s> Cheers, Geoff  </s>
<s> The IETF rules say that these notes have to be sent to the minutes in .txt  </s>
<s> format, so I figured I'd give JimA a hand and do some reformatting.  </s>
<s> Just in case anyone on the mailing list prefers the .txt  </s>
<s> format, I'll post it here as well.  </s>
<s> Cheers, Geoff DeltaV minutes from IETF-50 ** Current status ** Have held multiple WG last calls.  </s>
<s> Appears to be consensus on features, but not on packaging/grouping.  </s>
<s> Target one more draft before submission to AD. Have talked it over with ADs to see what kind of standard they need to meet before submitting draft to AD; Patrik said it's really down to whether the chair thinks there's consensus.  </s>
<s> If the AD doesn't find any omissions/flaws, then they'll issue the IESG Last Call.  </s>
<s> ** Yesterday's design meeting ** Propose deferring variants.  </s>
<s> Propose packages.  </s>
<s> Defined sets of functionality.  </s>
<s> Protocol still reports "features" (a.k.a. options).  </s>
<s> Labels separate.  </s>
<s> Update separate -- plays against some advanced features.  </s>
<s> Defer variants; if make it a separate milestone, with a separate design team, might be able to get a new set of people interested.  </s>
<s> Packages wouldn't actually change the protocol; but it would say that sets of features go together; if you implement A, you MUST implement B and C. Reduces the combinatorial explosion, helps QA and interop testing.  </s>
<s> Four proposed packages: Base, File Versioning, Client CM, Server CM. Will have to be hashed out on the list, of course.  </s>
<s> Issues: should that be "SHOULD implement B and C"; how does the server advertise which packages it support?  </s>
<s> Larry pointing out that, historically, one thing the IETF doesn't do well is protocols with a lot of independent options; packaging the options like this improves interop a lot.  </s>
<s> Mark: that you don't need any of these packages to implement versioning; you could just do automatic versioning, which is in the core.  </s>
<s> Says we should have a package for the core, so that we could have simple, noninteractive clients.  </s>
<s> Lisa: an autoversioning client could run against a Base server.  </s>
<s> Mark: core is "sufficient to be deltav compliant", so it should be permitted.  </s>
<s> Larry: the smaller subsets are interesting; leaning towards permitting a Core package.  </s>
<s> Geoff: question is, is the cost of adding checkout and fork control, to be Base, is high enough to deter an implementor from going to Base.  </s>
<s> JimW: probably not; it's probably under 1000 lines of code.  </s>
<s> Geoff: right, because autoversioning has to do that checkout anyway, even if it doesn't expose it via deltav.  </s>
<s> Larry: if all packages have checkout &amp; fork control (proposed definitions do), then why not redefine core to include them, and drop the Base package?  </s>
<s> Geoff: some people he knows want to expose "core" as a feature, which can advertised.  </s>
<s> Knows one server for whom it is very important to be core-only.  </s>
<s> Larry: but is it useful to any client?  </s>
<s> Geoff: that server does not want to allow non-automatic versioning.  </s>
<s> Chris trying to get the sense of the room.  </s>
<s> Larry: what kind of difference would this make to a client?  </s>
<s> Lisa: not much; but it could well make a big difference for some servers.  </s>
<s> [...] Geoff: bundling the base features into core gives us less flexibility later; we wouldn't be able to fix it later.  </s>
<s> Eric: some clients will be perfectly happy to deal with core-level servers.  </s>
<s> Larry: leaving them separate features is fine with him, but telling implementors it's OK to leave them out.  </s>
<s> Separate thread: Update and Label are not in any of the packages; they're to be advertised separately.  </s>
<s> Geoff: they're not really orthogonal, though; they'd harm Client CM and Server CM. JimW: maybe {Client, Server} CM should imply "MUST NOT support Update, Label".  </s>
<s> Eric: Label might be harmless, actually.  </s>
<s> (Larry asking, and Geoff explaining, why Update is harmful.) Eric: so, should File Versioning imply Update?  </s>
<s> Chris: there are backends where File Versioning would be possible, but Update very difficult.  </s>
<s> Larry: get rid of Update, maybe?  </s>
<s> Geoff: let's take it to the list; its defenders aren't here.  </s>
<s> Larry: so what was it for?  </s>
<s> Geoff: well, it was needed back before we added some of the more advanced CM capabilities; it might not be needed any more.  </s>
<s> Should we cut Label?  </s>
<s> John Stracke: without Label, it's going to be pretty hard to build on top of CVS, which is important to a lot of people, esp.  </s>
<s> open-source projects.  </s>
<s> Discussion over what to do; we might be able to define a simpler degree of CM that CVS could do.  </s>
<s> One thing that makes Label complex is the Label: header (interacts with GET and PROPFIND; has to be internationalized specially); but maybe we could cut that.  </s>
<s> Discussion.  </s>
<s> Sense of the room: remove the Label: header; possibly remove Update.  </s>
<s> JimW: could the simplified Label be rolled into any of these?  </s>
<s> Geoff: Certainly into {Client, Server} CM. ** Open Issues ** - Should COPY of collections delete destination elements not in source?  </s>
<s> That's what 2518 says, but that's not what people expect, and not what filesystems actually implement (they merge into the existing collection).  </s>
<s> Define a header to request the merge behavior, or update 2518?  </s>
<s> Larry: if we update 2518, it should be in a separate doc.  </s>
<s> JimW: the header option is what an early WebDAV draft did, and it succumbed to optionitis.  </s>
<s> But there might be clients that depend on the current behavior.  </s>
<s> Action item: JimW will follow up on revving 2518.  </s>
<s> - Should we declare that no versioning properties are returned by allprop?  </s>
<s> JimW: why?  </s>
<s> Geoff: so that servers can avoid the cost of computing them, particularly since most clients currently doing allprop are not version-aware and won't be able to use the versioning properties.  </s>
<s> (Side thread about deprecating allprop altogether.  </s>
<s> The natural issues.) Discussion: what level should this requirement be?  </s>
<s> Chris: some servers will find it easier to send everything (for one reason or another), and they shouldn't be required to filter.  </s>
<s> Larry: how is filtering going to be more expensive than generating &amp; sending the XML?  </s>
<s> ...Chris recording: sense of room: SHOULD NOT, with explanation.  </s>
<s> - Should the checkin on unlock create a new version if the resource has not been changed while it was locked?  </s>
<s> Geoff: the spec for autoversioning says that checkout occurs on update, but not on lock.  </s>
<s> Chris: let's make it optional, for stores that automatically check out on lock.  </s>
<s> Geoff: but what if you do a depth lock, just to modify a single resource?  </s>
<s> It would be really inefficient.  </s>
<s> Also, clients need predictable behavior.  </s>
<s> Chris recording: sense of the room: no, because the checkout doesn't occur until a modification is made.  </s>
<s> - Add UNVERSION-CONTROL request?  </s>
<s> JimW: just copy it to a non-version-controlled part of the namespace.  </s>
<s> Chris: but this is something that'd be done in situ.  </s>
<s> Lisa: this will destroy too much information.  </s>
<s> JimW: do you really want to add this new feature right when we're trying to finish up?  </s>
<s> Chris: somebody asked for it; we should address it.  </s>
<s> Geoff: yes, we're addressing it; but its utility is so low that it's below the bar for now.  </s>
<s> Larry: so what was the actual problem to be solved?  </s>
<s> Lisa: I want a way to take a versioned resource and make it non-versioned.  </s>
<s> Larry: what's wrong with copying it away and then moving it back?  </s>
<s> Lisa: it's not in situ, so it doesn't get logged properly.  </s>
<s> But...it's a reasonable workaround; can we document it?  </s>
<s> Chris recording: sense of the room: document the workaround.  </s>
<s> - Should we get rid of DAV:version-set property of a version history resource?  </s>
<s> Chris: why?  </s>
<s> Lisa had pointed out that there were too many ways to get at the version history; thought this one was one we could get rid of; but maybe a different one would be better.  </s>
<s> Discussion; it comes out that there are only two ways to get the entire history: version-set and a report.  </s>
<s> Lisa had thought that the predecessor/successor properties had been "all predecessors/all successors".  </s>
<s> Chris recording: sense of the room: clarify that pred/succ properties are immediate only, maybe add an implementation note for clients on the best way to get history, explain that the different methods are equiv.  </s>
<s> - Should the DAV:version-controlled-configuration be on all members of a baseline-controlled collection?  </s>
<s> Geoff explaining: version-controlled-configuration is the property of a baseline-controlled collection that lets you create new baselines.  </s>
<s> It's currently on the root; Greg Stein wanted to be able to use it on any member.  </s>
<s> Chris: was there any dissent when it came upon the list?  </s>
<s> Geoff: no. Chris: any objection here?  </s>
<s> No. Chris recording: sense of the room: no objections, but no strong support, either.  </s>
<s> Should the URLs in the DAV:compare-baseline report be version URLs or URLs from the DAV:baseline-collections of the baselines being compared?  </s>
<s> Geoff explaining.  </s>
<s> Geoff: Pros and cons of the two approaches are obscure; current way (version URLs) is a little bit simpler, since there's only a single space of version URLs, which makes them easier to compare.  </s>
<s> Chris: anybody here have an opinion?  </s>
<s> JimW: better to return the more canonical URL (version URL).  </s>
<s> Eric and ?  </s>
<s> agree; Chris recording that as sense of the room.  </s>
<s> - Add a DAV:error node above the 403/409 XML elements?  </s>
<s> Basically, it makes the DTD easier to write, by isolating all the places where there might be 500 possible errors to specify.  </s>
<s> Sense of the room: no objections, some limited support, a request to unify with the advanced status reporting stuff.  </s>
<s> - Should we create an appendix with all the DTDs?  </s>
<s> Maybe XML Schema?  </s>
<s> It's being voted on now, and the vote should take about a month.  </s>
<s> (JimW: and if Tim B-L vetoes it six months later?) Sense of the room: wait for Schema; create an appendix with schemas; if Schema isn't approved in time, we make the appendix non-normative.  </s>
<s> - Lisa bringing up a new issue on "version history resource": the introductory paragraph lists some things it can be used for, but doesn't explain how.  </s>
<s> Geoff explaining; they'll put it in the draft.  </s>
<s> Also noting that the VHR is a good place to put global (cross-version) properties of a resource.  </s>
<s> From: Fay, Chuck [mailto:CFay@filenet.com]  </s>
<s> I'm glad to see from the meeting notes that I wasn't the only one who wondered about Core versus Basic (Core + checkout + fork control).  </s>
<s> I agree with Mark and Larry that Core is sufficient to implement versioning, and with Eric that some clients will be perfectly happy to deal with Core-level servers.  </s>
<s> I agree with this as well.  </s>
<s> So I believe DeltaV should have a package which is just Core.  </s>
<s> It's important to separate "features" (what we used to call "options") from "packages".  </s>
<s> The consensus at the meeting was that a server reports its capabilities in the form of a set of features (in the DAV header from an OPTIONS request).  </s>
<s> In the protocol, we define a small set of feature sets, or "packages", that a server SHOULD support, as a way to simplify the creation of interoperable clients.  </s>
<s> This means that a server MAY support just the "version-control" feature, but not any of the defined packages.  </s>
<s> On the other hand, to keep the interoperable client combinatorics in control, we propose to define a small number of "packages" that reflect a set of features that appear to cover the majority of planned implementations.  </s>
<s> I would not replace Core with Basic.  </s>
<s> Given that decision, I would rename Basic to avoid the implication that it's the minimum package, or otherwise make it clear that Core is the minimum.  </s>
<s> Yes, all features require the "version-control" feature, which makes it the logical minimum set of versioning features.  </s>
<s> But it is still reasonable to say that the smallest defined "package" consists of more than that logical minimum set of versioning features.  </s>
<s> Although Lisa has recently posted a suggestion that we actually return package names in OPTIONS, rather than feature names, I do not agree with this suggestion, and this suggestion was not supported by the working group in Minneapolis.  </s>
<s> I disagree with Geoff and JimW that adding checkout and fork control is low cost for any server wishing to be DeltaV-compliant.  </s>
<s> The minutes are a bit misleading there.  </s>
<s> I agreed that it is reasonable to have checkout and fork-control in the smallest defined "package", but I did not agree that a server have to support this in order to advertise any DeltaV support.  </s>
<s> To the contrary, I believe as stated above, namely that a server MAY just support the "version-control" feature (which does not have CHECKOUT).  </s>
<s> Recall that checkout requires mutable VCRs on the server which hold intermediate state between checkout and checkin, whereas Core has no such requirement.  </s>
<s> I agree.  </s>
<s> Core allows all server-resident resources to be immutable, which is arguably a more consistent model than the mixed model with checkout (mutable checked-out VCRs, everything else immutable).  </s>
<s> More "consistent"?  </s>
<s> I probably wouldn't go that far ... if you want to have consistent property/content, unless you can come up with a way of updating both in one HTTP request, you'll be creating inconsistent immutable states on the server, which doesn't sound like a good thing to me.  </s>
<s> This is why although I agree that a server MAY just support the version-control feature, it SHOULD support CHECKOUT.  </s>
<s> For existing versioning servers that disallow mutable objects, the cost of supporting checkout is non-trivial, because code would have to be written to subvert the fundamental design of the server.  </s>
<s> I agree.  </s>
<s> Cheers, Geoff  </s>
