<s> We need to get a revised copy of the working draft to the IG group for review so that we can publish a new public working draft on schedule.  </s>
<s> The following is a draft in which we have attempted to make the changes that were agreed upon by the group.  </s>
<s> The most glaring ommissions are that we have not yet been able to draft a merger of the four guidelines as discussed in the conference call and that we have not divided checkpoints into techniques and checkpoints.  </s>
<s> With those provisos, do people agree that the document reflects the present consensus of the group?  </s>
<s> This doesn't mean that you are personally happy with the document, but that no changes have been made without the agreement of the group.  </s>
<s> Please respond by 5pm Thursday.  </s>
<s> Thanks Jutta  </s>
<s> What is the schedule for the publication of the document?  </s>
<s> We need to get a revised copy of the working draft to the IG group for review so that we can publish a new public working draft on schedule.  </s>
<s> The following is a draft in which we have attempted to make the changes that were agreed upon by the group.  </s>
<s> The most glaring ommissions are that we have not yet been able to draft a merger of the four guidelines as discussed in the conference call and that we have not divided checkpoints into techniques and checkpoints.  </s>
<s> With those provisos, do people agree that the document reflects the present consensus of the group?  </s>
<s> This doesn't mean that you are personally happy with the document, but that no changes have been made without the agreement of the group.  </s>
<s> Please respond by 5pm Thursday.  </s>
<s> Thanks Jutta  </s>
<s> A schedule for publication of Public Working Drafts is part of the group charter - http://www.w3.org/WAI/AU/charter  </s>
<s> Charles What is the schedule for the publication of the document?  </s>
<s> We need to get a revised copy of the working draft to the IG group for review so that we can publish a new public working draft on schedule.  </s>
<s> The following is a draft in which we have attempted to make the changes that were agreed upon by the group.  </s>
<s> The most glaring ommissions are that we have not yet been able to draft a merger of the four guidelines as discussed in the conference call and that we have not divided checkpoints into techniques and checkpoints.  </s>
<s> With those provisos, do people agree that the document reflects the present consensus of the group?  </s>
<s> This doesn't mean that you are personally happy with the document, but that no changes have been made without the agreement of the group.  </s>
<s> Please respond by 5pm Thursday.  </s>
<s> Thanks Jutta --Charles McCathieNevile - mailto:charles@w3.org  </s>
<s> W3C Web Accessibility Initiative - http://www.w3.org/WAI 545 Technology sq., Cambridge MA, USA  </s>
