<s> I sent the following note to the area directors, as my reading of the intent of the working group and the current status: Date: Thu, 29 Aug 96 09:47:50 -0700 In-reply-to: 8467.841303987@domen.uninett.no  </s>
<s> (Harald.T.Alvestrand@uninett.no) Subject: digest authentication summary From: Larry Masinter masinter@parc.xerox.com  </s>
<s> I missed the message, but saw some of the replies.  </s>
<s> I think the consensus of the working group is that Digest Authentication is a part of HTTP/1.1.  </s>
<s> Fortunately, what people in the WG were talking about ("Must implement digest if they implement basic") is actually moot, since "implement" can mean the "null implementation", if you peer at draft-ietf-http-digest-aa-04.txt.  </s>
<s> So, I think we should just go ahead with the two documents; it would be convenient to include in section 11.2 a simple statement that "The HTTP/1.1 protocol includes the Digest Access Authentication, which is described in RFC XXXX."  </s>
<s> I think this captures the intent of the working group and what it is that got voted on in last call.  </s>
<s> I think we should instruct the RFC editor to change the title of draft-ietf-http-digest-aa-04.txt from "A Proposed Extension to HTTP: Digest Access Authentication" to "Digest Access Authentication for HTTP" I'm sorry for causing a flap by forwarding the note to the working group instead of just responding directly.  </s>
<s> Actually, I think I may have mainly been trying to SHARE THE GOOD NEWS that both had been voted on by the IESG.  </s>
<s> Larry  </s>
<s> Larry, I think you owe the HTTP WG an explanation of your "null implementation", since it was never mentioned in the WG discussion.  </s>
<s> In my "peering" at the draft, I see nothing that has the word "null" in it and do not understand what you mean.  </s>
<s> I'm not trying to be contentious, but I think it's inappropriate for you to declare a WG discussion moot in a message to the IESG when you as WG Chair never said so on the WG list.  </s>
<s> Further, this kind of action is especially inappropriate when the WG chair is in the minority of the rough consensus, as I feel is the case here.  </s>
<s> Regardless of individuals' motivations, most folks who spoke up (and there were plenty) agreed that digest-authentication should be a MUST in the spec.  </s>
<s> --Paul Hoffman --Internet Mail Consortium  </s>
<s> Paul, there is more here (and has been going on behind the scenes) than you know.  </s>
<s> I'll try to summarize the situation as I see it from the mail that has been flowing between the area directors, Larry and myself.  </s>
<s> The basic problem is a procedural one (that Keith Moore, Harald Alvestrand, Larry and I might be held responsible for): last calls were issued on the documents independently, and they are not written to interdepend in appropriate ways.  </s>
<s> With 20-20 hind sight, we should have issued a single last call with covering explanation, and done the wordsmithing slightly differently.  </s>
<s> The IETF and IESG get very upset if any normative requirements (i.e. MUSTs, SHOULDS, etc.) change between the final draft and the RFC; after all, that is what is Last Call is all about.  </s>
<s> Any changes should be entirely of an editorial nature.  </s>
<s> So, we have to ways to fix this. 1) Issue new drafts for both documents, and have to issue a new IETF last call.  </s>
<s> Once that is done, the IESG does its thing.  </s>
<s> This would take a month or two.  </s>
<s> (or three).... 2) Have the IESG immediately issue the RFC's for both HTTP/1.1 and Digest.  </s>
<s> Go ahead immediately with issue a separate (about 1 page) draft that states the normative requirements we all intend(ed), forward to the area directors instantly, and do IETF last call on it.  </s>
<s> This would take a month or two.  </s>
<s> (or three)....  </s>
<s> Both 1) and 2) take the same length of elapsed time to the same desired end state.  </s>
<s> 1) causes us to wait months more for any IESG action (i.e. we don't get RFC's immediately), and 2) gets us the announcement of the IESG action of last Thursday approving both our existing documents issued, and then the tiny RFC gets us the normative requirements we want at the same elapsed time that 1 would have taken.  </s>
<s> So the right outcome in our minds (Larry, myself, Keith, and Harald) is 2), so that more time does not elapse for proposed standard on HTTP/1.1.  </s>
<s> By going ahead with the existing documents we get Proposed standard immediately, without taking significantly longer elapsed time for the requirements we've been discussing.  </s>
<s> Larry didn't make clear in his mail what our options are procedurally, in the current process state.  </s>
<s> And we'll pull all this together into the Draft version of the document(s), so that this strange short RFC we'll end with won't matter thereafter.  </s>
<s> Hopefully, this will clarify the situation to everyone.  </s>
<s> Aren't standards processes fun?  </s>
<s> :-) - Jim  </s>
<s> Do we presently have enough experience with 1.1 proxy implementations and how they interoperate with the installed base to know that changes won't be required in the proxy related aspects of the current draft?  </s>
<s> I suppose additional patch/errata RFCs could be issued and later consolidated.  </s>
<s> No. But this is why the standards process requires additional review before a document can move from Proposed to Draft, or from Draft to Full Standard.  </s>
<s> Assuming the document stays on the standards track, there will be at least two opportunities to make changes in light of experience before it is fully approved.  </s>
<s> Keith  </s>
<s> If there are two more opportunities for changes it would seem to me to be a good thing(TM) to keep a record of all the problems, perceived errors etc as we go along Just a thought... Would have raised it sooner but thought best get the royal assent before making the suggestion.  </s>
<s> Phill  </s>
<s> Well, I thought it was pretty self-explanatory, but I'll elaborate publicly: If you look at draft-ietf-http-digest-aa-04.txt, it doesn't actually put many requirements on either clients or servers.  </s>
<s> It says "a server may assume Digest support when a client identifies itself as HTTP/1.1 compliant."  </s>
<s> So servers assume digest support.  </s>
<s> It says "a client is encouraged to fail gracefully if the server specifies any authentication scheme it cannot handle."  </s>
<s> Since this is the language that we accepted through last call, it is probably as strong a compliance statement we can make at this point, without going back through another revision.  </s>
<s> draft-ietf-http-digest-aa-04.txt does NOT say that clients MUST prompt the user for authentication, or that clients MUST handle digest authentication, all it says is that clients are encouraged to fail gracefully (whatever that means) if it doesn't understand digest.  </s>
<s> It does say "A server may assume Digest support", but it's not clear what force that has on the clients.  </s>
<s> I suppose you could read "a server may assume X support" as another way of specifying "a client must support X".  </s>
<s> This issue has arisen recently in the review of the MIME drafts of the question of whether any mail clients 'support' multipart/parallel.  </s>
<s> There are a lot of clients that 'support' multipart/parallel by just treating it as multipart/mixed.  </s>
<s> Is that 'support'?  </s>
<s> In any case, more tweaking of the language of the spec is not going to be allowed without reopening one or both drafts in the working group.  </s>
<s> I didn't hear anyone wanting to do that, actually, just people wanting to vent their frustration.  </s>
<s> What *is* the case is that HTTP/1.1 is fine, as is, for a Proposed Standard, and that before we advance to Draft Standard and then Standard, every feature must be implemented.  </s>
<s> The IETF process is set up such that "what gets implemented affects what's allowed to be a standard" rather than "what's a standard affects what gets implemented".  </s>
<s> I think that's the strength of the process and that we shouldn't try to change that.  </s>
<s> This is really unfair, Paul.  </s>
<s> In the interest of getting on with things, I sent a mail to the area directors, but I didn't respond privately, I copied the list.  </s>
<s> If you actually disagree with my recommendation, you have a chance to say so.  </s>
<s> I can't really tell from your message whether you disagree.  </s>
<s> It's my understanding that we can't actually add more constraints than are in the documents as written without a reset to "last call" or (the alternative) writing a very short RFC "applicability statement" and sending THAT into last call.  </s>
<s> It sounds like you were reacting to my commentary rather than the actual recommendation, though.  </s>
<s> Larry  </s>
<s> Personally, I don't see any point in a short RFC that says that you're required to implement what's in draft-http-digest-aa-04.txt, because *that* draft is pretty weak.  </s>
<s> If working group members really want to REQUIRE that you MUST REALLY implement digest authentication, I think we would have to revise draft-http-digest-aa-04.txt so that it actually stated some requirements where "MUST IMPLEMENT" actually meant something.  </s>
<s> Personally, I think it's a waste of time.  </s>
<s> Little applicability statements are the hobgoblins of ... well, you know how it goes.  </s>
<s> We should focus on more important things, like the HTTP/1.2 documents.  </s>
<s> The folks in distributed authoring and version management seem to also want us to consider LINK and LOCK and UNLOCK and GET-VERSION and a bunch of other things, too.  </s>
<s> We have lots of work.  </s>
<s> I guess people can get excited about "MUST implement digest authentication" but don't have time to actually make progress on the _real_ problems.  </s>
<s> Larry  </s>
<s> Phill, excellent idea - the list of issues approach has done wonders for the DRUMS group, and I keep such a list of issues for the former NOTARY group's documents.  </s>
<s> Are you volunteering to keep such a list?  </s>
<s> Harald A  </s>
<s> I certainly have been keeping moderately careful note of mail messages that go by that may want to affect the document.  </s>
<s> And certainly an issues list has been useful in 1.1 development (though we let it get out of date toward the end of development of HTTP/1.1).  </s>
<s> I guess, for the moment, I'm probably happiest keeping track of this myself for 1.1, though if someone wants to volunteer to help get what I have filed organized into an issues list again, I wouldn't mind.  </s>
<s> - Jim  </s>
