<s> Hi all, I will be running an HTTP Futures birds of a feather session at the WWW4 conference next week.  </s>
<s> At that time, I would like to have the various groups working on bits of HTTP/1.1 to explain to people (i.e., me) how they intend to proceed, maintain communication with the other groups, and feed the results back into the main draft(s).  </s>
<s> Speaking of which, this would be a good time for our new co-Chair Larry Masinter to explain what on earth I am babbling about.  </s>
<s> ;-) ......Roy  </s>
<s> Excuse me!  </s>
<s> I think it is quite unreasonable to expect that an unofficial gathering of folks interested in HTTP expect to hear from 'various groups working on bits of HTTP/1.1' about how they plan to proceed.  </s>
<s> First of all,  </s>
<s> the groups aren't formed yet and except for those of us who were in Dallas at the 2nd HTTP session, the group proposal is still unknown and possibly even rejected.  </s>
<s> Perhaps this should have been private mail to Larry Masinter asking if he would be available to introduce the concept and poposed time-line.  </s>
<s> Dave Morris  </s>
<s> I don't care if it's reasonable or not -- it is simply how I would like to run the BOF.  </s>
<s> It is my BOF, my time, and my effort -- not a WG meeting -- and I would prefer to have the discussion reflect the actual plans of the WG.  </s>
<s> Why is that bad?  </s>
<s> Would you prefer that I just say the HTTP WG doesn't know what it is doing?  </s>
<s> No, it was a reminder to the WG Chairs that they needed to get the information on the list NOW (which Larry and Dave promptly accomplished) before I gave two separate presentations on the topic next week.  </s>
<s> ...Roy T. Fielding Department of Information &amp; Computer Science (fielding@ics.uci.edu)  </s>
