<s> In the telecon today I said that I had objections to postponing the following two issues:  </s>
<s> This is not because I agree with the proposed resolution, it is instead because I feel these two issues are the only way the WG will address some major problems with RDF 1.0, that I feel it needs to.  </s>
<s> Implementers, most notably Uche Ogbuji, have expressed concern over the poorly defined rdf:value property.  </s>
<s> It has caused problems with the publication of the Dublin Core in RDF draft,  </s>
<s> as DC isn't entirely sure of rdf:value's meaning.  </s>
<s> This is an  </s>
<s> issue the WG must clarify, somehow or another.  </s>
<s> I'm not insisting that we rename rdf:value or get rid of it, but ignoring it is not an option, and seems a violation of (at least the spirit of) our charter (if we're chartered to fix RDF's bugs, this is a big bug we need to fix).  </s>
<s> On qname-uri-mapping, I strongly disagree with Borden's proposal, and don't believe there is a need for it.  </s>
<s> However, I _do_ feel there is a need for the Working Group to at least _explain_ why it has chosen to break compatibility with the URI spec and instead use some new thing some have termed URIviews.  </s>
<s> If you feel that new issues should be opened for the problems that I've raised, so we can postpone the old ones, then fine.  </s>
<s> But I don't think the WG should be let off the hook.  </s>
<s> "Aaron Swartz" | The Semantic Web http://www.aaronsw.com/  </s>
<s> | i'm working to make it happen  </s>
<s> Ah, I'm pleased to hear that, in fact, in a schadenfreude-ish kind of way, as it seems rather zany from the MT point of view as well, and in fact unnecessary if one does datatyping right.  </s>
<s> Maybe it is simply broken.  </s>
<s> Pat IHMC(850)434 8903 home 40 South Alcaniz St.(850)202 4416 office phayes@ai.uwf.edu  </s>
<s> I agree with Pat's comment that rdf:value will probably be taken care of in datatyping (it may disapper, although I think it still may be useful - use cases and possible interpretation are in my recent "suggestions for datatyping" posting).  </s>
<s> As to qname-uri-mapping, I believe it could be merged with uri-substructure.  </s>
<s> Sergey  </s>
