<s> I've got an opportunity to do some fun family stuff this Friday, so I'd like to know whether it conflicts with an RDF Core telcon.  </s>
<s> I haven't seen notice, and we're less than 7 days away, so I presume there's no WG telcon this week.  </s>
<s> Sorry if I missed an announcement to that effect.  </s>
<s> If the WG meets, I suppose it'll be somewhat unofficially.  </s>
<s> In that case, I offer regrets.  </s>
<s> Dan Connolly, W3C http://www.w3.org/People/Connolly/  </s>
<s> Hmm, I was just wondering that myself.  </s>
<s> I see the following possible agenda items for a telecon: a) wording changes to the semantics doc  </s>
<s> b) advice to the CG about what to do about postponed issues  </s>
<s> Dan, would you like the WG to meet to discuss/approve the proposed  </s>
<s> wording changes?  </s>
<s> Will the 16th be soon enough?  </s>
<s> Eric, is the CG seeking input from the WG about b).  </s>
<s> WG, do folks want to meet to discuss a), b) or anything else?  </s>
<s> I will send a formal notification of a telecon for 16th Jan, but will cancel if its not needed.  </s>
<s> Dan, I hope you have fun on Friday.  </s>
<s> Brian  </s>
<s> Yes. This issue was on last Monday's SW-CG agenda but time ran out before we were able to discuss this.  </s>
<s> The need isn't urgent (e.g. no need to have a rdf-core call just for this issue) but should be addressed some time by the end of the month.  </s>
<s> eric miller http://www.w3.org/people/em/ semantic web activity lead http://www.w3.org/2001/sw/ w3c world wide web consortium http://www.w3.org/  </s>
<s> yes.  </s>
<s> Good question, but I haven't done the relevant calendar research to figure it out.  </s>
<s> EricM, I leave that to you.  </s>
<s> Call/page me if you'd like help.  </s>
<s> Likewise. 1/2 ;-)  </s>
<s> Dan Connolly, W3C http://www.w3.org/People/Connolly/  </s>
<s> Personally I prefer not to discuss postponed issues (for new recs?) until we've got this one in the bag.  </s>
<s> As HP rep the position I represented was we did not need to resolve these issues in this standardization round.  </s>
<s> For the next few weeks that remains the position I wish to represent.  </s>
<s> When we get to rec, I have things that I individually think about the postponed issues and could contribute to a discussion.  </s>
<s> Sorry for being so cautious.  </s>
<s> Jeremy  </s>
<s> I was not clear.  </s>
<s> I was not proposing we discuss resolutions of the issues, but suggestions to the CG of how/whether these issues might, at some point in the future be resolved.  </s>
<s> For example, the WG might recommend to the CG that some issues are higher priority than others.  </s>
<s> Is that a discussion you feel able to contribute to?  </s>
<s> Brian  </s>
<s> I am not sure that we can have a procedural only discussion - I guess if I am unconfortable I will just stay quiet - and my silence should not be interpreted as assent.  </s>
<s> For instance, I decided to not reply to Grahams msg on the postponed issues despite disagreeing with it.  </s>
<s> Jeremy  </s>
