<s> Time: 10:00:00 Fri Oct 03 2003 in America/New York duration 60 minutes which is equivalent to 15:00:00 Fri Oct 03 2003 in Europe/London irc: irc.w3.org #rdfcore 1: scribe - volunteer needed Please could the minutes conform to: 2: Roll Call 3: Thanks 4: Review Agenda 5: Next telecon 10 Oct 2003 1000 Boston Time Volunteer Scribe 6: Minutes of 26 Sep 2003 telecon as revised See: 7: Confirm Status of Completed Actions ACTION: 20030815#9 jjc draft implementation report response to i18n objection see: ACTION: 2003-08-29#1 gk to check with aaron on status of the rdf mimetypes draft see: ACTION: 2003-09-12#3 jjc mention other designs in I18N proposed response ACTION: 20030919#1 jjc review syntax text on bnode IDs see: ACTION: 20030919#2 path Check link to RDF URI Reference from Semantics to Concepts see: ACTION: 20030919#3 jjc change URI text in concepts ACTION: 20030919#4 jjc respond to pfps on URIs cc martin see: ACTION: 20030919#5 bwm s/none/no response/ in last call comments see: ACTION: 20030919#9 jjc e-mail webont with 02 Oct comment deadline see: ACTION: 20030919#10 danbri e-mail rdfinterest with 02 Oct comment deadline see: ACTION: 20030919#11 danbri e-mail chairs list concerning LC 2 see: ACTION: 20030919#12 danbri identify and e-mail individual chairs re LC 2 see: ACTION: 20030919#13 jjc suggest herman makes personal comment before webont OK  </s>
<s> ACTION: 20030919#14 PatH To consider amendments to test cases concerning nonentailments see:  </s>
<s> ACTION: 20030926#1 JJC add nfc text to Concepts as proposed ACTION: 20030926#2 JJC review i18n rebuttal document to take specific account of formal objection text from i18n see: ACTION: 20030926#5 JJC draft proposal that whitespace processing is part of L2V map see: ACTION: 20030926#6 PatH update semantics document to replace lbase appendix with fireproof reference to lbase doc see: 8: Confirm Status of Withdrawn Actions ACTION: 20030926#8 DanBri record Karstens dissent in rdfs spec see: 9: Status of Misc Actions 10: Update on last call comments pfps-02,pfps-03 and pfps-06 resolved acceptably to pfps pfps-12 resolved acceptably for Karsten This leaves formal objections on pfps-04 and pfps-05 concerning the entailment rules.  </s>
<s> 11: Literals must be in NFC Consider changing language from MUST to SHOULD.  </s>
<s> See: 12: Meeting requirements for last call.  </s>
<s> Have we addressed all outstanding comments/issues?  </s>
<s> (xmlsch-02?) Have we done the best we can on the outstanding objections?  </s>
<s> Have we negotiated a reasonable LC review period with other groups?  </s>
<s> 20030919#11 danbri e-mail chairs list concerning LC 2 20030919#12 danbri identify and e-mail individual chairs re LC 2 Are the documents ready?  </s>
<s> 20030919#8 danbri produce boiler plate for SOTD 2003-08-29#2 danbri to investigation production of script for fixing up internal references 20030919#7 ericm contact comm to get publication date Are there any features that should be identified as "at risk"?  </s>
<s> Change logs correct?  </s>
<s> Diffs from previous versions?  </s>
<s> primer concepts syntax schema semantics test cases 20030919#14 PatH To consider amendments to test cases concerning nonentailments 13: Handling lc2 comments.  </s>
<s> This agenda was produced by Jema, the Jena WG assistant, running on Jena 2  </s>
<s> Also see Pat IHMC(850)434 8903 or (650)494 3973 home 40 South Alcaniz St.(850)202 4416 office FL 32501(850)291 0667 cell phayes@ihmc.us  </s>
<s> http://www.ihmc.us/users/phayes  </s>
<s> regrets (almost certain) for the meeting; I'll be on way to Dublin Core advisory group in the morning (here in Seattle).  </s>
<s> Aside: have had a few interesting conversations at DC re datatypes and re I18N/XMLLiteral.  </s>
<s> I now feel quite confident we've done the right thing w/ xml:lang and datatypes.  </s>
<s> update: So I have actions outstanding re sorting out the publication script and SOTD.  </s>
<s> I made the mistake of trying to get this done while sat in the conference, didn't get it finished.  </s>
<s> Basic outline: we put docs into RDFCore/TR/incoming/rdf-schema/ (or whatever, eg. .../rdf-mt/), and whenever we have a dated document we point to sibling docs in this space, eg. in RDFS when I link to Primer I'll use uris like The unfinished perl script on my laptop is intended to take content like that, plus a target date, and munge the docs into a form ready for copying into TR space on www.w3.org/TR/.  </s>
<s> The output will live in the outgoing/ directory nearby.  </s>
<s> That way, stuff in incoming/ (as in "incoming from the editors") should be link-checkable.  </s>
<s> I haven't got to the SOTD at all yet.  </s>
<s> I'll be sat in an all day DC meeting tommorrow, hopefully find time to progress that (also not sure about connectivity).  </s>
<s> Dan  </s>
