X-Sender: jomiller@bendingline.com Date: Mon, 10 Sep 2001 14:33:48 -0700 From: Jo Miller jo@bendingline.com 
Subject: minutes Some from before lunch, rest from this afternoon. 
*** Topic for #wai: irc.w3.org:6665 channel is #wai #wai :Jo mcmay oedipus TimLa KatieHS wendy chaals mcmay: All the users that are trying to be good citizens need somewhere to start. 
This has been the only global conversation to allow that to happen. 
mcmay: Focus on legislation is helpful, but smaller-level adoptions are helpful as well. 
We don't want to isolate them. 
mcmay: KHS Unicode support for ATIA. 
mcmay: CMN to Greg: Issue of fixing content vs. fixing technologies. 
mcmay: If a section is hard to do, should it be in the guidelines? 
My answer is that the kind of document we can publish is a technical recommendation. 
mcmay: We should say this is what needs to be done to make things accessible. 
*** oeddie (~oedipus@ns.hicom.net) 
joined #wai mcmay: Social decisions are outside our scope. 
mcmay: GV Guidelines should include everything, no matter how hard it is to do? 
mcmay: CMN Yes. 
mcmay: WC ref: http://www.w3.org/wai/gl/wcag20-requirements oeddie: lost carrier, but irc still thinks that oedipus is here, so i'm here as 'oeddie' mcmay: GV This came as a set of agreed-upon principles. 
mcmay: CM Our requirement is that we want our document to do everything. 
Maybe we're biting off more than we can chew. 
*** oedipus has signed off (EOF From client) mcmay: ...we're going to dilute the power of the document. 
This is a tug of war between regulatory groups and end-user authors. 
mcmay: Bob: Agree. 
Put in the hard stuff, make it standard. 
Then Macromedia, for example, can use it to press the standard. 
chaals notes that my Mum does accessibility at the university of Melbourne... mcmay: JM It's not just poor grandma, but making meaningful art. 
We're saying you have to hire someone to do everything necessary. 
wendy: MM Needs to be something that will be easy to modify. 
Jo: MM not everything needs to be normative or be in a single grand document. 
It gets down to a level of fine, fluid detail, so some things need to be in a document that can be easily modified. 
wendy: MM must be fluid. 
wendy: CMN Is there consensus that we should set out all (as many as possible) the requirements for accessibility? 
wendy: CMN We've discussed writing something that will be taken up by legislation, or whether writing something, "this is what you'll do in a perfect world." 
wendy: ..legislation, not likely in a perfect world, therefore you'll have to interpret it. 
wendy: CS Very concerned about things that have found their way into the guidelines, wendy: like creating art, writing well...most of G3 wendy: ..want to see something that is measurable and practical. 
wendy: ..easier to translate into code. 
wendy: CMN believe you'd have universal consensus on that. 
wendy: CS Issues w/WCAG 1 that are difficult to do, many people discount entier thing (based on one). 
wendy: LGR Believe this is strongly related to conformance. 
Could structure to make it reasonable. 
wendy: ...also to address CS's issues. 
wendy: CS A list of everything one could do, would be interesting, but not appropriate for this. 
wendy: GV We seem to consensus on what we're trying to achieve. 
wendy: ..they should be usable in some way by people who write regulations. 
wendy: ..they should have a harmonizing effect on people writing regulations. 
wendy: ..different words, different countries, things done differently, but the effect on companies wendy: .. is similar. 
wendy: ..i don't beleive we have consensus on whether we should put everything in, including all the hard stuff, or jsut put wendy: ..what is practical. 
wendy: ..hard and practical, but not hard and inpractical. 
*** mcmay has signed off (Connection reset by peer) *** TimLa has signed off (Connection reset by peer) wendy: ..we have a continuum. 
wendy: ..things to require, but not sure how. 
*** TimLa (~timlaranc@199.108.188.138) joined #wai wendy: ..Another dimension - measurability. 
we know we can do it, but don't have a ruler to measure. 
wendy: ... people ought to write things simply if they can, but we don't know how to do that. 
wendy: RN 2 yrs ago, i was adam ant. 
wendy: .. wanted to keep them simple. 
wendy: .. now, my thoughts have changed. 
wendy: .. put them out there, w/everything in there. 
wendy: .. let the countries and companies incorporate what they want. 
wendy: JM the sum up is accurate. 
wendy: (she's talking as loud as she can....) wendy: ..it's already in the draft requirements. 
wendy: KHS propose, along with QA, shouldn't require anything we can't show good techniques for. 
oeddie: we have good techniques, they just aren't supported by the extant technology oeddie: what "mainstream" ua supports CSS2 in toto? 
these are the problems - 508 is just a handy stick with which to beat people over the head wendy: CMN we argue about philosphy way too much. 
wendy: BR 508 effects what's going on at Macromedia. 
oeddie: in order to get accessibility "out of the box" we first need to get it into the box, via canonical specs wendy: GV To get a hybrid, we ought to think about: wendy: .. do kind of what we do in 1.0. 
Includes all the info about what would make things accessible. 
wendy: .. then hi-lite what is critical in a short list. 
wendy: .. perhaps short list is (previously P1-3). 
was impossible/hard/helps, but somethings put down a level other than pure definition. 
wendy: .. sometimes you can do it, sometimes you can't. 
wendy: .. might have a doc that could be used by others to figure out what is essential and also wendy: .. provide full range of things to move towards. 
wendy: .. as tech changes they won't disappear. 
wendy: .. one reason govnt did not include cognitive in 508 was that they did not feel there was any way to measure. 
wendy: .. part of this could be handled by structure. 
wendy: .. objective, and others to address , but no criteria for success. 
oeddie: accessibility isn't quantitative - it is qualitative (quality + ative) wendy: .."do what you can..." Jo: gv - Perhaps aim for a document that includes all the information about what makes things accessible, and highlight things that should be critical in anyone's shortlist. 
We aimed for this in 1.0 with priority 1,2,3. 
if we could figure out how to do that, then we'd have a document that can be used by others (regulators, etc.) and can also provide the full range of things that we ought to be shooting for. 
So that as technologies change, it's still on the table. 
So we don't have to throw ou Jo: gv - don't have to throw out the things that we don't have the technology, techniques to address. 
*** Welcome to the Internet Relay Network Jo!~Jo@199.108.188.138 *** Your host is irc.w3.org, running version 2.10.2 *** This server was created Thu Jul 8 1999 at 16:35:44 EDT *** There are 37 users and 0 services on 2 servers *** There are 1 operators online *** There are 1 unknown connections *** There are 30 channels formed *** I have 4 clients, 0 services and 1 servers *** Topic for #wai: irc.w3.org:6665 channel is #wai #wai :Jo TimLa oedipus chaals *** mcmay (~Matt@199.108.188.138) joined #wai Jo: Microsoft Project Central Demo *** AaronSw (~AaronSw@c930384-a.hlndpk1.il.home.com) 
joined #wai *** TimLa has signed off () *** TimLa (~timlaranc@199.108.188.138) joined #wai Jo: GV why is the assignment database not part of the project store? 
Jo: typically the manager wants to be in control over what's in project store. 
Assignment area is temp database until things get approved by mgr to go into project store. 
Jo: Is Exchange required? 
Jo: Not any more. 
Web-based. 
Jo: (above question was from RN) Jo: WC On screen shots, which are ActiveX controls? 
Jo: (shows) The benefits of the ActiveX controls: much faster performance. 
Jo: WC What are you trying in moving from ActiveX to HTML/DHTML? 
Jo: (inaudible)..trying to leverage other work being done within microsoft. 
Jo: CMN the activeX controls are standardized? 
*** mcmay has signed off (Connection reset by peer) Jo: There are 5 or 6, not from a library of standard controls. 
Jo: CMN Are you using one standard Rich Text entry thing? 
Jo: Mostly standard to other MS products. 
*** TimLa has signed off (Ping timeout) *** TimLa (~timlaranc@199.108.188.138) joined #wai *** cyns (~cyns@199.108.188.138) joined #wai *** mcmay (~Matt@199.108.188.138) joined #wai -- *chaals* I can't hear a bloody thing over the fan, can you? 
Jo: WC Any recommendations or thoughts on dealing with older browsers? 
Jo: RN to WC we don't worry about IE 3. Jo: MS Project still viewed as a niche product, it's hard to get AT vendors to support it (as opposed to Office and other products with larger user base). 
*** mcmay has signed off (Connection reset by peer) Jo: LGR Access keys? 
Jo: LGR Using standard access keys? 
Jo: Pretty similar. 
Jo: GV trouble with collision with hotkeys in IE? Jo: Yes. 
Jo: Try to put access keys around the page rather than in one location. 
Jo: Try to group the controls logically and provide access keys for each section to make tabbing easier. 
Jo: CMN notes problems with collision with access keys Jo: GV Problem with visual representation of access keys. 
One thing to think about is to expose access keys to screen readers. 
Jo: GV With AT, maybe we have to say this assumes that you have a reader that works with current technologies and that will display these in standard way. 
Jo: GV "We assume the AT has the following capabilities..." Jo: TL Access Keys are also exposed in document object model. 
Up to AT vendors to decide how they're going to display that. 
Jo: WC What would you consider the applications? 
Jo: Device independence. 
Not table layout. 
Working on that in future versions. 
Jo: WC ActiveX controls? 
Jo: GV Nested headers? 
Jo: No, not on single page. 
Jo: WC Any other things to warn us about as we move forward? 
Jo: Standard for access keys. 
repetitive navigation. 
ability to skip long lists of links when tabbing. 
Jo: CMN Browser manufacturers pushed back on access keys. 
Jo: CMN smart browsers re-map access keys. 
oedipus: smart browsers offer the user the option to pick a triggering mechanism for accesskey oedipus: they also allow users to chose between establishing focus on the element or activating it, which needs to be a UA configuration option Jo: GV Have you thought of having alt key combinations? 
Jo: CMN Have you been looking at web authoring guidelines? 
Jo: No, maybe good idea. 
Jo: Note: very hard to hear back here...minutes incomplete and possibly inaccurate. 
Sorry. 
oedipus: jo, something is better than nothing chaals: do you want us to dial you in? 
Jo: Demo over. 
Back to Guidelines. 
Jo: GV proposes we make a list defining what we agree on vs. what we don't agree on. 
*chaals* Nope Jo: GV refers to e-mail message he wrote this morning, on consensus. 
Jo: GV That our guidelines should be usable by people who are writing regulations or requirements or policies. 
This is not the only group, but one group we need to address. 
Seems to be consensus on that. 
Jo: GV That our guidelines should not necessarily be directly usable or adoptable as regs. 
Jo: That our guidelines should not be limited to only that information that could or should be required today. 
They should talk as well about what would make web content more accessible even if it is not possible today. 
*** wendy (~wendy@tux.w3.org) joined #wai Jo Miller B e n d i n g L i n e 7 0 3 - 7 8 3 - 0 6 9 5 Strategic Web Consulting wendy a chisholm world wide web consortium web accessibility initiative seattle, wa usa Interesting minutes. 
A quick suggestion: move "scripts" out of checkpoint 1.1. 
They are covered by checkpoint 4.4. 
The result is that an implementor can choose whether or not to provide an alternative to scripts, and therefore decide to comply (or not to comply) with checkpoint 4.4, without being regarded as having failed checkpoint 1.1, which everyone agrees is a much more fundamental requirement. 
I would also like to have a summary, after the meeting, of the proposals which are put forward. 
Wishing you much success at the meeting, Jason. 
I agree that scripts are covered seperately. 
I disagree that 1.1 is more fundamental, but that's philosophy that only needs to be considered if we disagree. 
Chaals Interesting minutes. 
A quick suggestion: move "scripts" out of checkpoint 1.1. 
They are covered by checkpoint 4.4. 
The result is that an implementor can choose whether or not to provide an alternative to scripts, and therefore decide to comply (or not to comply) with checkpoint 4.4, without being regarded as having failed checkpoint 1.1, which everyone agrees is a much more fundamental requirement. 
I would also like to have a summary, after the meeting, of the proposals which are put forward. 
Wishing you much success at the meeting, Jason. 
Location: 21 Mitchell street FOOTSCRAY Vic 3011, Australia (or W3C INRIA, Route des Lucioles, BP 93, 06902 Sophia Antipolis Cedex, France) 
