<s> The next P3P specification group conference call will be on Wednesday, June 9, 2004, 11 am - 12 pm US Eastern.  </s>
<s> Dial-in information is available at 1. P3P Generic attribute for XML applications - discuss draft and what to do about RDF binding.  </s>
<s> [if Rigo has anything new to report] 2. Comments on latest WD 3. primary purpose specification 4. XML schema stuff 5. Schedule for going to last call 6. Schedule next call (June 16?)  </s>
<s> P3P specification group conference call held on Wednesday, June 9, 2004, 11 am - 12 pm US Eastern.  </s>
<s> Jack Humphrey Lorrie Cranor Giles Hogben Rigo Wenning Serge Engleman 1/ RDF - equivalent to XML-generic-attribute Giles reported that RDF folks have a way to link in to RDF-Schema of P3P.  </s>
<s> This is done in OWL-S.  </s>
<s> We decided to move forward the following way: Giles will send Rigo the RDF-Schema on P3P JRC has done.  </s>
<s> JRC can transform this into OWL-S Lorrie: questions: short term / what do we need to do for RDF in the 1.1 Specification Rigo thinks that we should just update the RDF Schema Lorrie: We don't need to say something about RDF in the Spec we give ourselves an Action item to review the RDF/OWL question once we are in last call.  </s>
<s> Giles notes that just updating the RDFS doesn't buy anything.  </s>
<s> OWL-S would not be that complicated.  </s>
<s> long term question: What are we do about the RDF Note.  </s>
<s> We look into this later.. ACTION: Lorrie put RDF-Note into Bugzilla Conclusion: we don't alter the remarks about RDF in the Spec.  </s>
<s> There is no need for additional remarks.  </s>
<s> 2/ Comments on the latest working drafts Lorrie and Jack sent remarks Jack wanted to change the DNS, Rigo agreed to change to example.org  </s>
<s> ACTION Rigo: insert all the changes from Lorrie and Jack 3/ Primary Purpose Specification If the 23 purposes look reasonable, Lorrie's graduate will start working on it and will send result to the list.  </s>
<s> Nobody found that this was a bad idea.  </s>
<s> Lorrie arranged them in groups.  </s>
<s> She presented the groups.  </s>
<s> Action: Lorrie, add healthcare service to the list Action: Lorrie, publish the new list to the mailing-list Giles wanted something like network services.  </s>
<s> Lorrie suggested to have full definitions of the terms and strings like for the UA-guidelines.  </s>
<s> This was seen as reasonable.  </s>
<s> 4/ XML Schema Stuff Lorrie felt that the Schema-Stuff looks really nice.  </s>
<s> You should use the old policy format, but use the new schema format.  </s>
<s> 1.0 UA should just ignore the schema.  </s>
<s> Giles: 1 new schema new policy 2 old schema old policy Lorrie said, it is not backwards compatible if we put the new schemas in, but we could provide both.  </s>
<s> We might use the extension mechanism to point to the new schema.  </s>
<s> Giles hasn't done the transform from new dataschema to old dataschema.  </s>
<s> All other transforms are done.  </s>
<s> Giles don't think it is possible to do the transform from new dataschema (xsd) to old dataschema.  </s>
<s> Lorrie: IBM did a custom dataschema and Privacy Bird would use it.  </s>
<s> Giles: if you wrote something with the new schema and to have to transform it back, there is no point in using the format.  </s>
<s> Why is transform back New format has morphes, building transform would be big and timeconsuming to write.  </s>
<s> Giles: new schema just a tool to build schemas.  </s>
<s> Lorrie: manually build old schema?  </s>
<s> Rigo: this isn't a solution Privacy Bird interpretes it for looking up the categories.  </s>
<s> JRC client would check whether it is valid on the schema.  </s>
<s> PB would also complain and say that this is not a valid policy, would only see a yellow bird.  </s>
<s> Question about backwards compatibility.  </s>
<s> Rigo suggested to keep the base data schema in the old format as alternative and allow for new schema all over.  </s>
<s> Lorrie: seems that it would make sense to change the rules for backwards compatibility.  </s>
<s> Doesn't make sense to make the decision now, we should put a proposal on the mailing list.  </s>
<s> Proposal: One can write a new schema and policies but would have to provide the old schema format.  </s>
<s> Missing schema wouldn't be penalised.  </s>
<s> There will be an extension element providing a container for the new schema format.  </s>
<s> Action: Giles, provide a proposal to move to XML Schema.  </s>
<s> Next Call: Friday 18 June 11H00 EST Action: Lorrie get the bridge.  </s>
<s> I had a conversation with Giles.  </s>
<s> The minutes were not absolutely correct with respect to the RDF/OWL/OWL-S Question.  </s>
<s> So I send in some insight I got after I've sent out the minutes: Just talked to Fabien Gourdon: The OWL-S binding will be very easy and not much effort.  </s>
<s> So we have to compare the Schema from Brian McBride and the one that JRC has produced.  </s>
<s> I asked Giles to send me JRC's RDFS to be able to compare to the Note and then take a decision.  </s>
<s> So we need to do both, the RDFS renovation and the OWL-S binding.  </s>
<s> But I would suggest to do that in the separate Note or to add that Note as an appendix once it is done.  </s>
<s> We should care about this once we have time.  </s>
<s> Best, Rigo  </s>
