<s> Hi folks, this is the usual call for agenda items.  </s>
<s> We have comments on the architecture doc outstanding but only have one of the reviews in so far.  </s>
<s> I am inclined to cancel and arrange another in two weeks time.  </s>
<s> But please feel free to suggest items for dicussion this week.  </s>
<s> Brian  </s>
<s> I don't think it's worth calling a meeting for this, but I'd like the group to clarify if we'd prefer to request publication of the MIME regsitration ASAP, or wait for the RDF specs to reach recommendation status.  </s>
<s> Personally, I favour moving ASAP, as indicated here: #g  </s>
<s> Graham Klyne  </s>
<s> I'd like to include the following suggestions for rdfcore agenda  </s>
<s> - Rec docs sanity check  </s>
<s> - Testimonial Orientation (Janet Daly to participate) - Press release input / solicitation for reviewers eric miller http://www.w3.org/people/em/ semantic web activity lead http://www.w3.org/2001/sw/ w3c world wide web consortium http://www.w3.org/  </s>
<s> I am unavailable from tomorrow (telecon start time) to make any changes to Concepts - until 9th Feb, which I hope will be too late.  </s>
<s> Things which might be considered: - deleting the change log - updating the OWL and RDF references following Sandro's message to WebOnt.  </s>
<s> I could do these before the telecon if someone asks me to do so today.  </s>
<s> Jeremy  </s>
