<s> Hello all For the meeting Monday 4th and Tuesday 5th, some details.  </s>
<s> Registration dead-line is today.  </s>
<s> I've updated the agenda page with more links, and I'd like everyone attending to be technically prepared to discuss the issues.  </s>
<s> In particular, for the Markup guidelines session, I'd like to start with the Trace Unified guidelines (unless there are objections) and spend our time commenting on what people find unappropriate or needing changes (in particular wrt to our recent technical work).  </s>
<s> It's important to understand that the meeting at MIT is not going the place and time to do the review: we're not organizing a seminar or a tutorial here but a W3C working group meeting (education actions will come later with the IPO).  </s>
<s> Monday evening, I'd like to have some kind of informal dinner (not paid by W3C) somewhere in town.  </s>
<s> Please tell me if you're interested before next Friday, so that we can reserve some tables.  </s>
<s> See you soon.  </s>
<s> Hi Daniel: I'm really disappointed I won't be able to attend.  </s>
<s> It turns out that is the week I'm scheduled to visit my teammates in Cupertino.  </s>
<s> :-( I hope things go well, Will  </s>
<s> to follow up on what Daniel Dardailler said:  </s>
<s> I am concerned that there has not been enough time set aside to execute this approach.  </s>
<s> Can we start off by collecting from the attendees what they think is important, and see what level of agreement we can get on those points?  </s>
<s> One feature of the Trace Unified Guidelines is a flat structure.  </s>
<s> There is no concise summary we can use as the basis for a rapid critique.  </s>
<s> The only effective way to critique it is to slog through the whole thing, and I expect that to be a long process.  </s>
<s> I have now read through the 7.2 revision and I think that there are important points where we have achieved mutual understanding via the email discussion but which are not reflected in this revision of the document.  </s>
<s> Al Gilman  </s>
<s> Don't worry that 7.2 doesn't reflect everything weve talked about.  </s>
<s> That is why it is only the starting point for us - or a base point to work from.  </s>
<s> I expect that the W3 guidelines will take off from there with no particular deference to what was in 7.2.  </s>
<s> The working group can (and will) modify it and its WAI successors freely as necessary.  </s>
<s> We (Trace) will be dropping our guidelines as soon as the WAI issues its first, and we will just point to the WAI / W3C (or whatever they are dubbed ) guidelines after that.  </s>
<s> But we need a place to start... and the Unified was an attempt to pull as many other guidelines together as possible.  </s>
<s> Anyway, if you thing another is more appropriate, that is fine with me.  </s>
<s> We just need something to start from.  </s>
<s> And this note is just to say that you can feel free to take, toss or tear up these in whatever way the group thinks is useful.  </s>
<s> By the way, we had worked out a layer set of guidelines that we were implementing when WAI happened (so we stopped).  </s>
<s> You may want to continue to consider it.  </s>
<s> 1) A one to two pager for managers who are in charge of webs or that department etc but who may or may not know what a tag is.  </s>
<s> But it would let them know basically why it was important and what the key issues were - in layman's language.  </s>
<s> 2) A 2 page (or as short as possible) summary that can be used as a reminder and checklist by those who know the basics.  </s>
<s> (similar to what we had on our version 6 guidelines.  </s>
<s> ) 3) A more in-depth discussion of what the issues are so that someone can understand what the problems are and thus understand the solutions rather than just having a cookbook.  </s>
<s> 4) A detailed cookbook.  </s>
<s> (something on the level of 7.2 but revised) 5) A web site that provides running discussions, case studies etc for someone who is really interested in learning and practicing accessible web design.  </s>
<s> See ya'll tomorrow.  </s>
<s> Gregg Gregg C. Vanderheiden Ph.D. Professor - Dept of Industrial Engineering Director - Trace R &amp; D Center s-151 Waisman Center University of Wisconsin- Madison 53705 gv@trace.wisc.edu,  </s>
<s> WWW &amp; FTP at Trace.Wisc.Edu for a list of our Listserves send "index" to listproc@trace.wisc.edu to follow up on what Daniel Dardailler said:  </s>
<s> I am concerned that there has not been enough time set aside to execute this approach.  </s>
<s> Can we start off by collecting from the attendees what they think is important, and see what level of agreement we can get on those points?  </s>
<s> One feature of the Trace Unified Guidelines is a flat structure.  </s>
<s> There is no concise summary we can use as the basis for a rapid critique.  </s>
<s> The only effective way to critique it is to slog through the whole thing, and I expect that to be a long process.  </s>
<s> I have now read through the 7.2 revision and I think that there are important points where we have achieved mutual understanding via the email discussion but which are not reflected in this revision of the document.  </s>
<s> Al Gilman  </s>
