<s> Agenda: Transcript: 1: Scribe: Dave Beckett Next week, Graham Klyne  </s>
<s> 2: Roll Call  </s>
<s> Dave Beckett (scribe) Dan Brickley Jeremy Carroll Dan Connolly Jos De Roo Jan Grant  </s>
<s> Pat Hayes  </s>
<s> Graham Klyne Frank Manola Brian McBride (chair) Steve Petschulat Patrick Stickler Aaron Swartz Ralph Swick (for Eric Miller) Regrets: Eric Miller 3: Review agenda AOB: rdf:value discussion, taken under item 7 4: Next telecon 13th Dec 2002 confirmed 5: Minutes of 2002-11-2 telecon APPROVED 6: Confirm Status of Completed Actions ACTION: 2002-02-25#21 EricM ACTION: 2002-04-26#5 Eric ACTION: 2002-05-03#1 bwm ACTION: 2002-11-08#5 jjc all confirmed DONE 7: Primer Latest editor's version known: Discussion of primer mentioning rdf:value and other vocabulary things discused "over and above" what is said in the Semantics WD. bwm notes WG has already decided to keep rdf:value with no formal meaning, not to deprecate and this issue is not reopened.  </s>
<s> FrankM will try to get a new version out by Dec 13. ACTION 2002-12-06#1 PatH: suggest alternate text on rdf:value for primer by Monday 9th ACTION 2002-12-06#2 PatH: update the rdf:value desc in the semantics doc ACTION 2002-12-06#3 PatrickS: draft one paragraph about rdfs:isDefinedBy and other terms to draw out them for readers of the primer 8: Concepts Doc The latest editor's version known is: Editors agreed to not mention semantic extensions in the concepts doc; PatH also happy with this.  </s>
<s> Editors are ready for last call and can meet Dec 13 deadline.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-12-06#4 jjc: Write explicit definition of blank nodes in concepts.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-12-06#5 jjc: Do concepts doc section renumbering/reordering by Tuesday 10th Dec 9: Semantics Doc Latest editor's version known is: PatH is pretty much done, some HTML, anchors to fix.  </s>
<s> Can meet Dec 13  </s>
<s> deadline.  </s>
<s> Discussion of datatypes schema, where to put it.  </s>
<s> Suggestion that the schema be moved to a separate document and worked at a different rate outside this WD. [scribe note: I think above might be an action to PatH or an editorial change].  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-12-06#6 jang: Check the use of rdf:XMLLiteral in the current RDF Semantics editor's draft and its effect on test cases.  </s>
<s> 10: Syntax Document Editor confirms is ready.  </s>
<s> Parsetype literal paragraph discussion nearly wordsmithed.  </s>
<s> Considered taking out relaxng schema, won't do for last call wd.  </s>
<s> Doc will be ready by Dec 13. 11: Schema Doc isn't quite ready.  </s>
<s> danbri will attempt to get a new version for Dec 13 review.  </s>
<s> 12: Testcases JanG is working on the document and expects to have a new version out with updated test cases by Dec 11 and thus meeting Dec 13 deadline.  </s>
<s> Some specific test cases will need reviewing, These will be brought to the group around Wed Dec 11. Discussion of specific ones - some .rdf  </s>
<s> test case files have non-rdf:RDF root or multiple ones; these aren't rdf/xml.  </s>
<s> Exact tests to be determined by JanG.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-12-06#7 JanG: Find the test cases with rdf:RDF issues (we think xml:base ones).  </s>
<s> Find out what the test cases were testing and adddress replacing/deleting or updating as appropriate.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-12-06#8 PatH: Produce wording on effective use of closure rules on datatyping (sec 4.3 ?) ACTION 2002-12-06#9 jang: Check list of testcase actions under item 12 agenda in and confirm with bwm that they are all done.  </s>
<s> 13: LBase Document danbri reports some changes from PatH yet to be folded in.  </s>
<s> This document is now refered to from RDF Semantics WD, so needs to be out before last call of the latter.  </s>
<s> danbri will work on that after schema WD work; intending to pub lbase after Dec 13. 14: The last deliverable Re: RDFCore deliverable: * provide an account of the relationship between RDF and the XML family of technologies (particularly Schemas and Infoset/Query) Discussion of approaches and suggestion from RalphS that given that the WG has addressed XML in other docs (syntax XML infoset etc), datatypes &amp; XSD, then this could be addressed by WG-endoresed FAQs.  </s>
<s> DECISION: Will produce FAQs on the relationship between XML and RDF ACTION 2002-12-06#10 bwm: to ensure rdf and xml FAQs get written 15: Schedule Discussion of dates and holidays mean it may be tricky to get all editors available at telcons.  </s>
<s> Concern that positive affirmation for publication is given by WG members and agreement that this was needed.  </s>
<s> ACTION 2002-12-06#11 bwm: work out the voting process for last call approval, possibly involving email.  </s>
<s> 16: Publication Process See: Skipped.  </s>
<s> I think that if it is an action item then it should be on some subset of Patrick, Jeremy and me.  </s>
<s> A new document presumably needs an editor, right?  </s>
<s> I could carry this if it is seen as a chore, but since the material is largely Jeremy/Patrick's, it would be more appropriate if it had their names on it.  </s>
<s> IHMC(850)434 8903 home 40 South Alcaniz St.(850)202 4416 office FL 32501 (850)291 0667 cell phayes@ai.uwf.edu http://www.coginst.uwf.edu/~phayes s.pam@ai.uwf.edu for spam  </s>
<s> I was also present, as shown in [1].  </s>
<s> Mike [1] http://ilrt.org/discovery/chatlogs/rdfcore/2002-12-06  </s>
<s> [Patrick Stickler, Nokia/Finland, (+358 40) 801 9690, patrick.stickler@nokia.com]  </s>
<s> I think that Jeremy should get primary credit based on his material in would serve as an excellent foundation for such a document, adding in the RDF Schemas (reflecting different levels of contention/ambiguity) as appendices to that work, or referenced from that.  </s>
<s> And that would serve as good input to the XML Schema WG, perhaps with the goal of evolving it into a joint Note with a single RDF schema reflecting the concensus of the two WGs.  </s>
<s> Eh?  </s>
<s> Patrick  </s>
<s> Agreed.  </s>
<s> Now, who is going to actually write up this thing?  </s>
<s> Who's the editor??  </s>
<s> I ask because we are now in the same kind of position with regard to this that we were with Lbase: we need to be able to refer to it, but in order to do that it has to exist.  </s>
<s> Maybe Brian should intervene and order one of us to do it.  </s>
<s> Pat  </s>
<s> IHMC(850)434 8903 home 40 South Alcaniz St.(850)202 4416 office FL 32501 (850)291 0667 cell phayes@ai.uwf.edu http://www.coginst.uwf.edu/~phayes s.pam@ai.uwf.edu for spam  </s>
<s> [Patrick Stickler, Nokia/Finland, (+358 40) 801 9690, patrick.stickler@nokia.com]  </s>
<s> I nominate Jeremy to be primary editor, since he's already written such an excellent analysis.  </s>
<s> We can then support him as much as possible in the process of getting it to a point ready for submission to the XML Schema WG. OK Jeremy?  </s>
<s> Brian?  </s>
<s> Patrick  </s>
<s> I've been assuming that we have no need to refer to it at this time.  </s>
<s> I'm trying to avoid exactly that dependency.  </s>
<s> My plan for now has been to have Eric set up the communication between the two WG's and take things from there.  </s>
<s> But that has been assuming that we don't need to refer to it now.  </s>
<s> Brian  </s>
<s> Ah, wait.  </s>
<s> There are two issues here.  </s>
<s> 1. Getting XML Schema sorted out.  </s>
<s> This requires liaison and Eric-level cooperation and God knows how much time.  </s>
<s> 2. Writing up the XSD -as-an-RDF-datatype summary of all the XSD-style entailments that an XSD-savvy RDF engine (sorry, Dan) would need to assume true, purely as an informative exercise and taking the XSD spec at face value, putting the best interpretation on its intended meaning (and the one that they are almost certain to settle with once they get their terminological knickers untwisted.) Based on - largely a transcript of - the tables in Jeremy's document.  </s>
<s> Seems to me that we can do the latter quite quickly and that it would be handy for our readers and also a useful contribution to the terms of our charter.  </s>
<s> This was the thing I was assuming that we would want to refer to.  </s>
<s> Pat IHMC(850)434 8903 home 40 South Alcaniz St.(850)202 4416 office FL 32501 (850)291 0667 cell phayes@ai.uwf.edu http://www.coginst.uwf.edu/~phayes s.pam@ai.uwf.edu for spam  </s>
<s> I wasn't there.  </s>
<s> Dan Connolly, W3C http://www.w3.org/People/Connolly/  </s>
