The next P3P specification group conference call will be on Wednesday, June 9, 2004, 11 am - 12 pm US Eastern. 
Dial-in information is available at 1. P3P Generic attribute for XML applications - discuss draft and what to do about RDF binding. 
[if Rigo has anything new to report] 2. Comments on latest WD 3. primary purpose specification 4. XML schema stuff 5. Schedule for going to last call 6. Schedule next call (June 16?) P3P specification group conference call held on Wednesday, June 9, 2004, 11 am - 12 pm US Eastern. 
Jack Humphrey Lorrie Cranor Giles Hogben Rigo Wenning Serge Engleman 1/ RDF - equivalent to XML-generic-attribute Giles reported that RDF folks have a way to link in to RDF-Schema of P3P. 
This is done in OWL-S. 
We decided to move forward the following way: Giles will send Rigo the RDF-Schema on P3P JRC has done. 
JRC can transform this into OWL-S Lorrie: questions: short term / what do we need to do for RDF in the 1.1 Specification Rigo thinks that we should just update the RDF Schema Lorrie: We don't need to say something about RDF in the Spec we give ourselves an Action item to review the RDF/OWL question once we are in last call. 
Giles notes that just updating the RDFS doesn't buy anything. 
OWL-S would not be that complicated. 
long term question: What are we do about the RDF Note. 
We look into this later.. ACTION: Lorrie put RDF-Note into Bugzilla Conclusion: we don't alter the remarks about RDF in the Spec. 
There is no need for additional remarks. 
2/ Comments on the latest working drafts Lorrie and Jack sent remarks Jack wanted to change the DNS, Rigo agreed to change to example.org 
ACTION Rigo: insert all the changes from Lorrie and Jack 3/ Primary Purpose Specification If the 23 purposes look reasonable, Lorrie's graduate will start working on it and will send result to the list. 
Nobody found that this was a bad idea. 
Lorrie arranged them in groups. 
She presented the groups. 
Action: Lorrie, add healthcare service to the list Action: Lorrie, publish the new list to the mailing-list Giles wanted something like network services. 
Lorrie suggested to have full definitions of the terms and strings like for the UA-guidelines. 
This was seen as reasonable. 
4/ XML Schema Stuff Lorrie felt that the Schema-Stuff looks really nice. 
You should use the old policy format, but use the new schema format. 
1.0 UA should just ignore the schema. 
Giles: 1 new schema new policy 2 old schema old policy Lorrie said, it is not backwards compatible if we put the new schemas in, but we could provide both. 
We might use the extension mechanism to point to the new schema. 
Giles hasn't done the transform from new dataschema to old dataschema. 
All other transforms are done. 
Giles don't think it is possible to do the transform from new dataschema (xsd) to old dataschema. 
Lorrie: IBM did a custom dataschema and Privacy Bird would use it. 
Giles: if you wrote something with the new schema and to have to transform it back, there is no point in using the format. 
Why is transform back New format has morphes, building transform would be big and timeconsuming to write. 
Giles: new schema just a tool to build schemas. 
Lorrie: manually build old schema? 
Rigo: this isn't a solution Privacy Bird interpretes it for looking up the categories. 
JRC client would check whether it is valid on the schema. 
PB would also complain and say that this is not a valid policy, would only see a yellow bird. 
Question about backwards compatibility. 
Rigo suggested to keep the base data schema in the old format as alternative and allow for new schema all over. 
Lorrie: seems that it would make sense to change the rules for backwards compatibility. 
Doesn't make sense to make the decision now, we should put a proposal on the mailing list. 
Proposal: One can write a new schema and policies but would have to provide the old schema format. 
Missing schema wouldn't be penalised. 
There will be an extension element providing a container for the new schema format. 
Action: Giles, provide a proposal to move to XML Schema. 
Next Call: Friday 18 June 11H00 EST Action: Lorrie get the bridge. 
I had a conversation with Giles. 
The minutes were not absolutely correct with respect to the RDF/OWL/OWL-S Question. 
So I send in some insight I got after I've sent out the minutes: Just talked to Fabien Gourdon: The OWL-S binding will be very easy and not much effort. 
So we have to compare the Schema from Brian McBride and the one that JRC has produced. 
I asked Giles to send me JRC's RDFS to be able to compare to the Note and then take a decision. 
So we need to do both, the RDFS renovation and the OWL-S binding. 
But I would suggest to do that in the separate Note or to add that Note as an appendix once it is done. 
We should care about this once we have time. 
Best, Rigo 
