<s> I contacted a number of you earlier to discuss the possibility of cancelling the AU face to face meeting on February 25th in France because of a conflict with the IMS Accessibility meeting occurring in Sydney on the same day.  </s>
<s> A number of AU members belong to the IMS working group.  </s>
<s> The IMS meeting has now been cancelled.  </s>
<s> Consequently we will be holding the AU meeting on the 25th and 26th.  </s>
<s> It will be a working meeting with very specific tasks related to the techniques.  </s>
<s> I will not be able to attend but Jan will be chairing on my behalf.  </s>
<s> It is likely that some of the IMS members who are not now going to the IMS meetings will attend to discuss harmonization of specifications.  </s>
<s> Please contact me if you have questions or concerns.  </s>
<s> Jutta  </s>
<s> Jutta I think we can do useful work and this is a good arrangement.  </s>
<s> I am wondering if, as the W3C meetings could include IMS people, we should aim for having the AU meetings AND the IMS meeting - so 25/26 for W3C, 27 for W3C plenary and 28/1 for IMS?  </s>
<s> I think that if we can get some of the IMS folk working with us on techniques, that would be great!  </s>
<s> It should be really helpful to them too.  </s>
<s> I have written this in response to questions from Cathleen.  </s>
<s> Liddy  </s>
<s> Good.  </s>
<s> The correct URL is http://www.w3.org/2001/07/allgroupoverview.html, previous references in e-mail &amp; minutes pointed to the meeting back in 2001, same time, different year and different place.  </s>
<s> I'm still planning to attend but don't have approval yet.  </s>
<s> Regards, Phill Jenkins, (512) 838-4517 IBM Research Division - Accessibility Center 11501 Burnet Rd, Austin TX 78758 http://www.ibm.com/able  </s>
