<s> The following are the minutes for the November 11, Conference Call.  </s>
<s> Present: Charles McCathie Neville, William L., Jan Richards, Karen McCall, Ian Jacobs, Lauren Wood, Jim Allen, Jutta Treviranus 1. Lauren Wood of SoftQuad gave her perspective on the Guidelines from the point of view of a developer.  </s>
<s> She felt that some guidelines were too draconian, not giving developers the flexibility to position their tool competitively ( 3.4.3 and 6.6.2).  </s>
<s> This would put developers who adopt the guidelines at a competitive disadvantage.  </s>
<s> Other guidelines were too broad and required further detail (ie, 5.5.3 &amp; 6.4.1).  </s>
<s> She also felt that guideline 4.3 was patronizing and suggested that the wording be changed.  </s>
<s> 2. Chuck Opperman did not join the conference call to clarify his concerns.  </s>
<s> 3. The previously posted, suggested wording on placeholder and default alt-text was accepted by the group: Automatic generation of Alt Text: * Tools should only generate Alt text when they are absolutly sure of the meaning (bullets for example)  </s>
<s> * If a tool does generate Alt text then the tool should inform the user and allow the user to change it.  </s>
<s> Place-holder Alt text: * Tools must not generate place-holder Alt text (ever).  </s>
<s> * Tools can generate a comment line close to the missing Alt text as a reminder - (example !  </s>
<s> put Alt text here ) * Tools should not generate NULL Alt text (Alt="").  </s>
<s> (Anything inserted into a document has a meaning.) 4. Based upon input from Judy Brewer it was decided that User Interface  </s>
<s> accessibility would stay in.  </s>
<s> The document would refer to the UA guidelines but may incorporate the relevant UA guidelines in the next draft.  </s>
<s> 5. Ian presented his perspective on techniques: techniques being recommended or required actions that can be checked off by a developer as being complete.  </s>
<s> In other groups the techniques are maintained in a seperate document.  </s>
<s> The rationale being that techniques would change more rapidly than guidelines.  </s>
<s> It was decided that the techniques would remain integrated with the guidelines and would be linked to examples.  </s>
<s> 6.  </s>
<s> The public working draft would be released Nov. 12, incorporating the agreed upon revisions.  </s>
<s>  </s>
<s> 2. Chuck Opperman did not join the conference call to clarify his concerns.  </s>
<s> My apologies, however Active Accessibility version 1.2 shipped on November 11 and I was not available.  </s>
<s> I did participate in the joint UA-PA conference call that same day for an hour.  </s>
<s> I could not devote another hour to Authoring Tools.  </s>
<s> I'd like to suggest that the WAI get more coordinated in the conference call planning.  </s>
<s> Most conference calls I'm part of go way over time, usually just as the discussion is getting good.  </s>
<s> The timing of two calls over a 3 hour span is not practical for me.  </s>
<s>  </s>
<s> * If a tool does generate Alt text then the tool should inform the user and allow the user to change it.  </s>
<s> What's the expectation here?  </s>
<s> That the default placeholder strings be modifiable, or at the moment a default ALT text is inserted into HTML that the user be told and can change the string?  </s>
<s>  </s>
<s> * Tools should not generate NULL Alt text (Alt="").  </s>
<s> (Anything inserted into a document has a meaning.) What about in the case of transparent images used for spacing purposes?  </s>
<s> Thanks! Charles Oppermann Program Manager, Accessibility and Disabilities Group, Microsoft Corporation "A computer on every desk and in every home, usable by everyone!"  </s>
<s> The following are the minutes for the November 11, Conference Call.  </s>
<s> Present: Charles McCathie Neville, William L., Jan Richards, Karen McCall, Ian Jacobs, Lauren Wood, Jim Allen, Jutta Treviranus 1. Lauren Wood of SoftQuad gave her perspective on the Guidelines from the point of view of a developer.  </s>
<s> She felt that some guidelines were too draconian, not giving developers the flexibility to position their tool competitively ( 3.4.3 and 6.6.2).  </s>
<s> This would put developers who adopt the guidelines at a competitive disadvantage.  </s>
<s> Other guidelines were too broad and required further detail (ie, 5.5.3 &amp; 6.4.1).  </s>
<s> She also felt that guideline 4.3 was patronizing and suggested that the wording be changed.  </s>
<s> 2. Chuck Opperman did not join the conference call to clarify his concerns.  </s>
<s> 3. The previously posted, suggested wording on placeholder and default alt-text was accepted by the group: Automatic generation of Alt Text: * Tools should only generate Alt text when they are absolutly sure of the meaning (bullets for example) * If a tool does generate Alt text then the tool should inform the user and allow the user to change it.  </s>
<s> Place-holder Alt text: * Tools must not generate place-holder Alt text (ever).  </s>
<s> * Tools can generate a comment line close to the missing Alt text as a reminder - (example !  </s>
<s> put Alt text here ) * Tools should not generate NULL Alt text (Alt="").  </s>
<s> (Anything inserted into a document has a meaning.) 4. Based upon input from Judy Brewer it was decided that User Interface accessibility would stay in.  </s>
<s> The document would refer to the UA guidelines but may incorporate the relevant UA guidelines in the next draft.  </s>
<s> 5. Ian presented his perspective on techniques: techniques being recommended or required actions that can be checked off by a developer as being complete.  </s>
<s> In other groups the techniques are maintained in a seperate document.  </s>
<s> The rationale being that techniques would change more rapidly than guidelines.  </s>
<s> It was decided that the techniques would remain integrated with the guidelines and would be linked to examples.  </s>
<s> 6.  </s>
<s> The public working draft would be released Nov. 12, incorporating the agreed upon revisions.  </s>
<s> Comments interspersed.  </s>
<s> Look for CMcCN:: or CO::  </s>
<s> CMcCN:: I agree that this is a real problem for people who are working on more than one WAI activity.  </s>
<s> Since I think there is a lot of value in having people in multiple groups, because it can speed the co-ordination process in some instances, and because some people's outside responsibilities cover more than one area anyway, it would be good if the chairs can co-ordinate with the other groups more.  </s>
<s> On the particular call I had to drop out of the PA discussion early to make this call.  </s>
<s> I prefer to have stuff relatively close together.  </s>
<s> The UA telecon is on at 4am local Australian time, and the others are not a whole heap better (I am not a morning person) so I would prefer to cluster stuff together rather than spread it across the week.  </s>
<s> But if clustering means that other people cannot get there because of outside commitments then I would rather spread out and have everyone there.  </s>
<s> CO::  </s>
<s> CMcCN:: In the minutes this is presented as a suggestion in the discussion about placeholder ALT text.  </s>
<s> Perhaps it should be made clear (unless someone disagrees) that this only applies to placeholder text.  </s>
<s> As I see it the use of transparent images for spacing is frowned upon, in favour of CSS positioning.  </s>
<s> (or living without absolute positioning.  </s>
<s> small screens, magnified screens, etc have hassles with it...).  </s>
<s> But as I recall the discussion, we resolved that an exception was relevant where there couldbe no ambiguity about the meaning of the image.  </s>
<s> Which is the case for spacer images, if you must use them.  </s>
<s> Cheers Charles McCathieNevile  </s>
