<s> All AU working group members, Before we publish the Techniques Document to TR we need consensus on a number of issues.  </s>
<s> Could everyone please respond by Thursday the 13th.  </s>
<s> The issues are as follows:  </s>
<s> 1. Which Icons should we be using.  </s>
<s> To view the candidate icons please  </s>
<s> go to: follow the thread "Au Techniques: Icons" on the list.  </s>
<s> 2. We need to resolve inconsistencies regarding advice on default alt-text, for this please follow the thread: "Au techs/ ATAG errata  </s>
<s> 3. We need agreement on the proposal to move techniques from 3.3 to 1.4, see thread " [AU Techniques] moving techniques for 3.3"  </s>
<s> 4. Does everyone agree with the proposed additional techniques relevant to conversion tools, see the thread titled "[AU techniques] Conversion tools"  </s>
<s> 5. We need agreement on the proposed rewording of the required terminology.  </s>
<s> See the thread "AU techs - change "[required]" and  </s>
<s> explain it"  </s>
<s> 6. Should we add the priority/conformance section?  </s>
<s> See thread: "AU techs ad priorities and conformance"  </s>
<s> Please make your opinion known by this Thursday.  </s>
<s> If I don't hear from you by noon on Thursday, I might follow up individually.  </s>
<s> Thanks Jutta  </s>
<s> All AU working group members, Before we publish the Techniques Document to TR we need consensus on a number of issues.  </s>
<s> Could everyone please respond by Thursday the 13th.  </s>
<s> The issues are as follows:  </s>
<s> 1. Which Icons should we be using.  </s>
<s> To view the candidate icons please  </s>
<s> go to: follow the thread "Au Techniques: Icons" on the list.  </s>
<s> In particular I have not yet added to the table Jan's icons, available at  </s>
<s> 2. We need to resolve inconsistencies regarding advice on default alt-text, for this please follow the thread: "Au techs/ ATAG errata  </s>
<s> I stand by my proposal that 3.4 overrides 2.2 if necessary.  </s>
<s> 3. We need agreement on the proposal to move techniques from 3.3 to 1.4, see thread " [AU Techniques] moving techniques for 3.3"  </s>
<s> I support moving these  </s>
<s> 4. Does everyone agree with the proposed additional techniques relevant to conversion tools, see the thread titled "[AU techniques] Conversion tools"  </s>
<s> I do  </s>
<s> 5. We need agreement on the proposed rewording of the required terminology.  </s>
<s> See the thread "AU techs - change "[required]" and  </s>
<s> explain it" I stand by my original proposal  </s>
<s> 6. Should we add the priority/conformance section?  </s>
<s> See thread: "AU techs ad priorities and conformance"  </s>
<s> I think we should.  </s>
<s> (number 1 to come tomorrow) cheers Charles  </s>
<s> A favor the compromise set that I proposed on Dec. 6.  </s>
<s> I have come to agree that an exception should be added to 2.2 covering alternative equivalents.  </s>
<s> I have already agreed.  </s>
<s> This is tricky.  </s>
<s> From the partial list CMN provides, I'm already not sure about the inclusion of 1.4 (templates) and the exclusion of T0083 in 2.1.  </s>
<s> Email is probably not the best forum for this.  </s>
<s> What if we go technique by technique on our next call?  </s>
<s> I have already agreed.  </s>
<s> Agreed.  </s>
<s> It just makes the reason for all the priority statements more clear.  </s>
<s> Cheers, Jan Jan Richards UI Design Specialist Adaptive Technology Resource Centre (ATRC) University of Toronto jan.richards@utoronto.ca  </s>
<s> Set 4 of Emanuelle but with Set 1 of Charles for conversion tools  </s>
<s> yes  </s>
<s> yes  </s>
<s> strongly recommended  </s>
<s> yes Liddy  </s>
