<s> Hi Jim, Here are some issues for the list at have missed.  </s>
<s> 1. implied LWS rule does not talk about LWS as delimiter between tokens, but as some 1.1 headers use LWS instead of tspecials as delimiters between tokens.  </s>
<s> reference: http://www.ics.uci.edu/pub/ietf/http/hypermail/1997q1/0131.html 2. is a CRLF in a quoted-string legal, and what is the relation to header continuation?  </s>
<s> reference: http://www.ics.uci.edu/pub/ietf/http/hypermail/1997q1/0324.html 3. confusion about accept-encoding language reference: http://www.ics.uci.edu/pub/ietf/http/hypermail/1997q1/0176.html 4. The list entry LANGUAGE-TAG Language tag matching needs to be added.  </s>
<s> links to a discussion on the meaning of q=0.0, which is an issue separate from the LANGUAGE-TAG issue.  </s>
<s> The discussion of the issue `Language tag matching needs to be added' happens later on (http://www.ics.uci.edu/pub/ietf/http/hypermail/1997q1/0052.html) in the same thread.  </s>
<s> Note addressed mostly to Larry:  </s>
<s> I see that the link `The process used to close out the issues for Proposed Standard' still leads to a `not found' error.  </s>
<s> I find this worrying.  </s>
<s> I had hoped that some subgroup would be set up to generate  </s>
<s> proposed resolutions before Memphis, so that people would have the chance to check these resolutions against the discussions in the mailing list archive beforehand.  </s>
<s> Frankly, I can't see how we are  </s>
<s> going to reach closure on even a fraction of  50 issues in Memphis, if all we have to start with is printouts of the current issue list and our incomplete memories of past threads.  </s>
<s> Koen.  </s>
<s> Please do not worry.  </s>
<s> We have already completely closed out all of the  </s>
<s> issues for 'proposed standard'.  </s>
<s> We're now working on 'draft standard', and the criteria are very different.  </s>
<s> There is no point in having a 'subgroup' unless it is the group of 'those who have implemented HTTP/1.1', since the criteria for Draft Standard center around interoperable implementations.  </s>
<s> Here's the process: Everyone who has implemented an HTTP/1.1 client, server, or proxy is invited to review the issue list and note how they resolved the issue in their implementation.  </s>
<s> Send mail to http-wg@cuckoo.hpl.hp.com with your collected list.  </s>
<s> If an issue is about something that no one actually implemented, well, we don't need to spend any time on it, since we'll have to toss it when we go to Draft Standard anyway.  </s>
<s> Everyone else (those who have not implemented an HTTP/1.1 client, server or proxy), is asked to please hold their comments.  </s>
<s> Regards, Larry Masinter (as HTTP-WG chair)  </s>
<s> Larry Masinter: [Koen:]  </s>
<s> Sorry, I tend to worry easily.  </s>
<s> The link has `will be updated and issued soon' behind it, so I get into a state of being worried if it is not.  </s>
<s> The process you describe looks like a very good use of our meeting time.  </s>
<s> Thanks, Koen.  </s>
<s> I will try to get an updated issues list done before the end of the week, but an unanticipated April Fools joke has slowed me down.  </s>
<s> New England just had a blizzard, which has cost me a couple days of time this week (biggest storm since the blizzard of 1978).  </s>
<s> It was quite spectacular (I measured 26" of snow on the deck behind my house; the whole area got between 24" and 33" of snow.  </s>
<s> - Jim  </s>
