<s> Time: 10:00:00 Fri Aug 31 2001 in America/New York which is equivalent to 15:00:00 Fri Aug 31 2001 in Europe/London 23:00:00 Fri Aug 31 2001 in Asia/Seoul irc: irc.openprojects.net #rdfcore 1: Allocate scribe 2: Roll Call  </s>
<s> 3: Review Agenda  </s>
<s> 4: Review Minutes of previous meeting with corrections: ACTION: Martyn to update glosary document and collect feedback was CONTINUED ACTION 2001-08-02#33: disposition should read POSTPONED UNTIL AFTER NEXT SCHEMA WD See: 5: Review Completed Actions ACTION: 2001-08-02#14 Pat Hayes Discuss cycles in rdfs:subClassOf and rdfs:subPropertyOf with DAML folks and report back to us.  </s>
<s> ACTION: 2001-08-17#7 Pat Hayes Pat Hayes write strawman WD on model theory with reification and containers removed.  </s>
<s> ACTION: 2001-08-24#1 Brian McBride Collect photos and place on face to face page ACTION: 2001-08-24#3-1 Dave Beckett Update Syntax draft ACTION: 2001-08-24#4 Dave Beckett Collect comments on the draft by email.  </s>
<s> ACTION: 2001-08-24#5 Pat Hayes Get model theory draft draft updated.  </s>
<s> ACTION: 2001-08-24#6 Pat Hayes Collect comments on model theory.  </s>
<s> ACTION: 2001-08-24#7 Eric Miller Help Pat with document formatting.  </s>
<s> ACTION: 2001-08-24#9 Pat Hayes Write up summary of issues with containers 6: Review Open Actions ACTION: 2001-07-06#2 Dan Brickley write test cases for the RDF schema issues that are impacted by literals-as-resources.  </s>
<s> ACTION: 2000-07-20#10 Bill dehOra create xml:lang use cases.  </s>
<s> ACTION: 2000-07-20#10 Eric Miller For 2001-07-20 minutes re character-encoding issue, to write up his correction and send to list.  </s>
<s> ACTION: 2001-08-02#7 Dave Beckett With help from Art and Jan, investigate how to represent RDF/XML grammar and the specification of the transformation of RDF/XML to a graph representation.  </s>
<s> ACTION: 2001-08-02#12 Jan Grant Post message to list about how EASEL uses datatypes.  </s>
<s> ACTION: 2001-08-02#23 Brian McBride Update schedule to aim for WWW2002 announcement.  </s>
<s> ACTION: 2001-08-02#9 2001-08-02#25 2001-08-02#26 2001-08-02#27 2001-08-02#28 2001-08-02#29 2001-08-02#30 2001-08-02#31 2001-08-02#32 2001-08-02#32 2001-08-02#17 2001-08-02#19 Dan Brickley Fold agreed changes into RDF Schema WD ACTION: 2001-08-17#5 Eric Miller Write a newletter summary of the face to face for ciculation to the W3C members.  </s>
<s> ACTION: Martyn Horner update glosary document and collect feedback.  </s>
<s> ACTION: 2001-08-24#2 Brian McBride Respond to request for slot in technical plenary ACTION: 2001-08-24#3 Brian McBride Collect a list of other groups that the WG is interested in meeting with.  </s>
<s> ACTION: 2001-08-24#8 Dave Beckett Write up a proposed resolution for reifying using XML attributes anly 7: REVIEW SYNTAX WORKING DRAFT V1.23 See: 8: ISSUE rdfs-no-cycles-in-subClassOf See: Review and consider response from DAML+OIL.  </s>
<s> 9: Review MODEL Theory WD See: 10: TEST CASES WORKING DRAFT See: Review document and discuss next steps.  </s>
<s> 11: Discuss Bill's input on literals See: 12: Next telecon - 10am Boston time, 31st August 2001.  </s>
<s> 13: Any Other Business  </s>
<s> This agenda was produced by Jema, the Jena meeting assistant  </s>
<s> I'd really like to see the group decide to publish at least  </s>
<s> one document in this Friday's meeting.  </s>
<s> This agenda puts a lot of stuff between us and any such decision:  </s>
<s> it suggests that all three drafts get equal time, and it puts review of a whole bunch of actions before discussion of the drafts.  </s>
<s> I'd like the chairs (and/or WG folks and/or editors) to pick one document that looks most ready and put "shall we publish XYZ?" at/near the top of the agenda.  </s>
<s> Regarding reviewing action items... Eric Miller and I have spent some time formalizing the business of meeting records and such ( and we discovered that there are two styles for reviewing old business:  </s>
<s> (a) each action stands on its own, and all outstanding actions are reviewed together at the beginning of the meeting.  </s>
<s> (b) keep each outstanding action under the agenda item in which it was raised, and carry forward things at the granularity of agenda items, rather than of action items.  </s>
<s> I'm starting to prefer style (b).  </s>
<s> Style (a) really only works if, for each action item, folks just say done/not done, and we move on.  </s>
<s> But we always discuss them,  </s>
<s> and that's usually a good thing.  </s>
<s> Style (a) suggests all actions have the same priority, which is higher than the priority of all other agenda items; I think that's rarely the case.  </s>
<s> I'll take a whack at restoring the context around the outstanding actions, and I'll suggest that the chairs re-sort the resulting list of agenda items.  </s>
<s> Dan Connolly, W3C http://www.w3.org/People/Connolly/  </s>
<s> What's Jema?  </s>
<s> pointer?  </s>
<s> Dan Connolly, W3C http://www.w3.org/People/Connolly/  </s>
<s> Minor bit of java.  </s>
<s> RDF models drive agenda generator and irc bot.  </s>
<s> hopelessly crude at the moment.  </s>
<s> just trying it out to see if worth developing further.  </s>
<s> Brian  </s>
<s> OK... here are the agenda items that I see, with the outstanding actions tucked under the relevant agenda items.  </s>
<s> I suggest that the chairs sort this list by telcon-time-priority. == Review Minutes of previous meeting with corrections: ACTION: Martyn to update glosary document and collect feedback was CONTINUED ACTION 2001-08-02#33: disposition should read POSTPONED UNTIL AFTER NEXT SCHEMA WD See: == rdfs-no-cycles-in-subClassOf ACTION: 2001-08-02#14 Pat Hayes Discuss cycles in rdfs:subClassOf and rdfs:subPropertyOf with DAML folks and report back to us.  </s>
<s> == Review MODEL Theory WD See: ACTION: 2001-08-17#7 Pat Hayes Pat Hayes write strawman WD on model theory with reification and containers removed.  </s>
<s> ACTION: 2001-08-24#5 Pat Hayes Get model theory draft draft updated.  </s>
<s> ACTION: 2001-08-24#6 Pat Hayes Collect comments on model theory.  </s>
<s> ACTION: 2001-08-24#7 Eric Miller Help Pat with document formatting.  </s>
<s> == REVIEW MINUTES OF FACE TO FACE MEETING 1-2 AUG 2001 ACTION: 2001-08-24#1 Brian McBride Collect photos and place on face to face page ACTION: 2001-08-17#5 Eric Miller Write a newletter summary of the face to face for ciculation to the W3C members.  </s>
<s> == REVIEW SYNTAX WORKING DRAFT V1.23 See: ACTION: 2001-08-24#3-1 Dave Beckett Update Syntax draft ACTION: 2001-08-24#4 Dave Beckett Collect comments on the draft by email.  </s>
<s> == Containers (new business) ACTION: 2001-08-24#9 Pat Hayes Write up summary of issues with containers == rdfms-literals-as-resources (from the 2001-07-06 meeting agenda) ACTION: 2001-07-06#2 Dan Brickley write test cases for the RDF schema issues that are impacted by literals-as-resources.  </s>
<s> == #rdfms-xmllang (from the 2000-07-20 agenda) ACTION: 2000-07-20#10 Bill dehOra create xml:lang use cases.  </s>
<s> ACTION: 2000-07-20#10 Eric Miller For 2001-07-20 minutes re character-encoding issue, to write up his correction and send to list.  </s>
<s> ACTION: 2001-08-02#7 Dave Beckett With help from Art and Jan, investigate how to represent RDF/XML grammar and the specification of the transformation of RDF/XML to a graph representation.  </s>
<s> === rdfs-xml-schema-datatypes from 2Aug ftf ACTION: 2001-08-02#12 Jan Grant Post message to list about how EASEL uses datatypes.  </s>
<s> == Next Steps (aka WG schedule) from 2Aug ftf ACTION: 2001-08-02#23 Brian McBride Update schedule to aim for WWW2002 announcement.  </s>
<s> == Schema Issues (from 2 Aug ftf) ACTION: 2001-08-02#9 2001-08-02#25 2001-08-02#26 2001-08-02#27 2001-08-02#28 2001-08-02#29 2001-08-02#30 2001-08-02#31 2001-08-02#32 2001-08-02#32 2001-08-02#17 2001-08-02#19 Dan Brickley Fold agreed changes into RDF Schema WD == TECHINCAL PLENARY (1st discussed 2001-08-24) ACTION: 2001-08-24#2 Brian McBride Respond to request for slot in technical plenary ACTION: 2001-08-24#3 Brian McBride Collect a list of other groups that the WG is interested in meeting with.  </s>
<s> == RDF/XML Syntax - reifying using XML attributes only (1st discussed 2001-08-24) ACTION: 2001-08-24#8 Dave Beckett Write up a proposed resolution for reifying using XML attributes anly == Issue #rdfms-glossary (1st discussed 2001-08-17) ACTION: Martyn Horner update glosary document and collect feedback.  </s>
<s> == ISSUE rdfs-no-cycles-in-subClassOf See: Review and consider response from DAML+OIL.  </s>
<s> == TEST CASES WORKING DRAFT See: Review document and discuss next steps.  </s>
<s> == Discuss Bill's input on literals See: Dan Connolly, W3C http://www.w3.org/People/Connolly/ mobile: mailto:connolly+pager@w3.org?subject=pls%20call%20+1-...  </s>
<s> Yes. Took us far too long last week to get to anything substantive.  </s>
<s> Lets try and get through the action review in under 5 mins.  </s>
<s> At least for this week.  </s>
<s> I think that can be done.  </s>
<s> I'd rather spend my time between now and the telecon reviewing the docs.  </s>
<s> Syntax is first on the agenda because my memory from last week's telecon was we decided that was the one we would do first.  </s>
<s> Brian  </s>
