<s> Our next teleconference will be held Monday, 29 October 2001 at the regularly scheduled time: 10:00 AM Eastern Time (14:00 UTC/GMT).  </s>
<s> To find  </s>
<s> out what time it is in your time zone use the Time Zone Converter [1].  </s>
<s> It will take place on the MIT bridge: +1 617.258.7910  </s>
<s> Agenda for Monday: - Where does the EARL go?  </s>
<s> We've had a lot of discussion about how this might work.  </s>
<s> Primarily, we've been thinking about - how does a user make use of EARL?  </s>
<s> Some people feel this will work more like an annotation (where content and report are associated in an 'annotation server') others that it will be metadata attached to content (e.g. html:link or html:meta or html:something-else).  </s>
<s> It seems that both of these should exist, but how will user agents, search engines and other tools deal with them?  </s>
<s> This comes out of a question from the WCAG working group about how will content authors make conformance claims in EARL.  </s>
<s> Part of this discussion was wondering how HTML should/might evolve and what exactly it is we would need.  </s>
<s> There was also a lot of discussion about a MIME type for EARL (as well as RDF).  </s>
<s> What to use now vs what might be possible in the future.  </s>
<s> I would like us to continue this discussion on the telecon on Monday.  </s>
<s> I particularly hope all of you who have been participating on the list can make the call.  </s>
<s> - EARL 1.0 Sean published a draft schema.  </s>
<s> He also published a list of EARL 0.95 questions: - Update on implementations The list continues to grow:  </s>
<s> This week Nick Kew published the address of his experimental validator that creates EARL:  </s>
<s> CMN and JL would like to pipe the output (currently in n3) through and n3tordf convertor for further processing.  </s>
<s> - Primer and support material I was going to present to UAAG about EARL and their use of it in their test suite development.  </s>
<s> In prep I began working on a set of slides: This week I've been using this as a place to store some of the issues and think through some of this stuff.  </s>
<s> Still needs a lot of work, but perhaps a place to start for some people.  </s>
<s> I will continue to work on it in the upcoming weeks.  </s>
<s> Suggestions, additions, deletions, etc are welcome.  </s>
<s> I would like to have a set of slides together for the QA F2F meeting which is the middle of November.  </s>
<s> Be well, --wendy [1] http://www.timezoneconverter.com/cgi-bin/tzc.tzc  </s>
<s> wendy a chisholm world wide web consortium web accessibility initiative seattle, wa usa  </s>
<s> As I think I've mentioned before, the cost of this would be prohibitive for me, and perhaps others who might have something to contribute.  </s>
<s> Would there be any chance of perhaps holding scheduled IRC sessions in place of some of these telecons?  </s>
<s> Nick Kew Site Valet - the essential service for anyone with a website.  </s>
<s> Regrets.  </s>
<s> I will be in Argentina and unable to get to the call.  </s>
<s> Charles Location: 21 Mitchell street FOOTSCRAY Vic 3011, Australia (or W3C INRIA, Route des Lucioles, BP 93, 06902 Sophia Antipolis Cedex, France)  </s>
<s> "Nick Kew" :  </s>
<s> find  </s>
<s> I do have the ability to broadcast a telephone call 'live' (~7 second delay) although this would be in a proprietrary Windows Media Format (xmms on linux should play AIUI.) which may make it easier for people to monitor what is happening in the discussion and can either join in briefly by phone to comment, or send their comments through IRC.  </s>
<s> It would also be available in an archive, and there I can provide it in MP3, WAV, SWF, etc. so just about any machine could play it.  </s>
<s> In theory, this would also provide a limited number of lines here in the UK that could be dialled into to join the telecon - but I'm not positive on that, the CT boards have the capability in theory I believe, but I've never used it.  </s>
<s> This wouldn't be possible for Monday, as I'm off on the road, but could normally do it easily.  </s>
<s> Jim.  </s>
<s> "Wendy A Chisholm":  </s>
<s> find  </s>
<s> I'm off on the road (nowhere as interesting as Argentina :-( ) so am unable to attend, also I generally have support requirements 9-5 GMT so can't devote myself to a conference, so outside these times would be easier for me in future.  </s>
<s> Jim.  </s>
<s> Sure, we could set up IRC chats.  </s>
<s> That might be the best way to pull everyone in, although Jim's idea about broadcasting and saving the audio files is interesting - although then we would have to create exact transcripts wouldn't we?  </s>
<s> I'll be on the W3C public server: irc.w3c.org port: 6665 channel: #er In the future, we can use this channel for meetings as well.  </s>
<s> --wendy  </s>
<s> wendy a chisholm world wide web consortium web accessibility initiative seattle, wa usa  </s>
<s> Just a note, the AU group is now using IRC as well as telephone for most of its meetings.  </s>
<s> It seems to work well, and when I ma minuting I use it to provide minutes that are then edited (to remove the IRC-specific stuff) and published - it is a litle harder than using Amaya directly but not a lot.  </s>
<s> It seems to be useful for the people who find telephone-only difficult.  </s>
<s> Chaals Sure, we could set up IRC chats.  </s>
<s> That might be the best way to pull everyone in, although Jim's idea about broadcasting and saving the audio files is interesting - although then we would have to create exact transcripts wouldn't we?  </s>
<s> I'll be on the W3C public server: irc.w3c.org port: 6665 channel: #er In the future, we can use this channel for meetings as well.  </s>
<s> --wendy  </s>
<s> Location: 21 Mitchell street FOOTSCRAY Vic 3011, Australia (or W3C INRIA, Route des Lucioles, BP 93, 06902 Sophia Antipolis Cedex, France)  </s>
