<s> I have a few concerns I'd like to address about the current state of the HTTP working group.  </s>
<s> I tried posting these Tuesday, but by mailing software is malfunctioning.  </s>
<s> First I'd like to plead for someone to give an overview of what happened at the night meeting of the HTTP WG.  </s>
<s> Unfortunately, I had to leave early, and the idea of waiting two months for minutes is unpleasant.  </s>
<s> As such, I have some feelings on the last minute agenda change at the Dallas IETF meeting.  </s>
<s> 1) I think the addition was ill-timed.  </s>
<s> The entire Spyglass group had plane reservations and hotel arrangements that required we leave in the late afternoon.  </s>
<s> This is a small gripe, but we at Spyglass, myself in particular, really, really wanted to participate, mainly because of the issues I'm going to address later.  </s>
<s> 2) The structure of the Agenda that pushed the bulk of the HTTP 1.1 to the 2nd session was horrible!  </s>
<s> No way should we have spent the 1st session discussing the tunneling/session-ext/payment/etc drafts.  </s>
<s> The HTTP 1.1 spec is THE issue of this group.  </s>
<s> The next thing basically is a process issue.  </s>
<s> Some of the informal hallway conversations I had confirmed my suspicions that the current progress of the group is insufficient.  </s>
<s> As I see it there are three things working  </s>
<s> together to impede our progress.  </s>
<s> If only one of these things existed, it would be perfectly acceptable, but together they spell doom: 1) the addition by the editor of large surprises to the HTTP 1.1 draft without any discussion in the working group, 2) the very infrequent revisions of the spec, 3) the monolithic-kitchen sink nature of the document.  </s>
<s> Now before you say: "Putting things in the I-D is the way to submit an idea for consideration by the group!",  </s>
<s> I must reiterate: that works fine if you have frequent revisions on a small doc and no one is actually using the draft spec.  </s>
<s> People are trying to code to these documents.  </s>
<s> The HTTP WG is not responding to the needs of the marketplace.  </s>
<s> The addition of Logic Bags, PATCH methods, two-stage responses and the like without both the input of the group, and constant revisions of our "main product" is just not workable.  </s>
<s> I am calling for a rough consensus from this working group that the best way to progress on HTTP 1.1 is to a) require any large additions to the spec be discussed in this group - as a separate Internet Draft if convenient - before any introduction, and b) we commit ourselves to a somewhat only-what's-necessary Draft of 1.1 to get some kind of consensus in a reasonable amount of time.  </s>
<s> There was also a sentiment in Dallas that not only should big chunks not be added, but that the HTTP spec should be broken up, and the more I think about it, the more I have to concur.  </s>
<s> I think I'll separate individual gripes about particular aspects of the spec to a separate message, and I'll propose some potential break-outs there.  </s>
<s> Dan DuBois, Software Animal http://www.spyglass.com/~ddubois/  </s>
<s> I absolutely do not speak for Spyglass.  </s>
<s> Are you volunteering some resources?  </s>
<s> Some venting in "post mortem" mode is healthy, but let's keep in mind that this is a volunteer organization.  </s>
<s> Some of your comments directly addressed works-in-progress, and I appreciate those comments (I disagree with some of them -- in particular, the notion that content negotiation is subordinate to the main focus of the HTTP spec...) But the general exhortations to the group aren't really all that useful, are they?  </s>
<s> Dan  </s>
<s> Date: Thu, 07 Dec 1995 15:25:10 -0500 From: "Daniel W. Connolly" connolly@beach.w3.org  </s>
<s> But the general exhortations to the group aren't really all that useful, are they?  </s>
<s> I think they are.  </s>
<s> It is quite a different thing to develop new standards  </s>
<s> than to label as standard an existing practice.  </s>
<s> The former requires much more work, organization, and a strong voice every now and then to bring the flock back in from its wanderings.  </s>
<s> It seems to me that both the HTTP and HTML WGs have yet to prove themselves in terms of developing extensions to defacto standards that actually get widely implemented.  </s>
<s> Thus, I think Daniel's remarks are quite apropos.  </s>
<s> Regards, Glenn Adams  </s>
<s> I think they're somewhat useful, in that:  </s>
<s> (a) the big changes to the spec do not seem to mirror the conversation on the working group mailing list, or even to follow the process described by Roy. (Are there working implementations of Unless and  </s>
<s> logic bags that I don't know about?  </s>
<s> What about the new methods?)  </s>
<s> (b) issues that have been brought up repeatedly in the working group are not resolved by the spec.  </s>
<s> As the perpetrator of some of those  </s>
<s> issues I am not going to harp on them more right now, except to say that I think issues that could be resolved rather easily are too often left unresolved.  </s>
<s> (c) by ignoring things like Netscape's cookies, the working group stands in danger of simply being bypassed by the market.  </s>
<s> If  </s>
<s> the working group continues not to respond to such issues (whether they've been submitted as I-D's or not) then it will simply become irrelevant over time.  </s>
<s> I think it would be unfortunate to abdicate control of this protocol to any single commercial entity by such obvious inaction.  </s>
<s> --Shel Kaphan  </s>
<s> I am not quite as aggrieved as some people appear to be, but I think there are several procedural issues that we need to address.  </s>
<s> In some cases, even if we don't all agree that the current procedures are broken, I think we should all agree that as long as a substantial number of people are unhappy about the procedures, that in itself is a problem.  </s>
<s> Shel lists these issues:  </s>
<s> (a) the big changes to the spec do not seem to mirror the conversation on the working group mailing list, or even to follow the process described by Roy.  </s>
<s> (b) issues that have been brought up repeatedly in the working group are not resolved by the spec.  </s>
<s> (c) by ignoring things like Netscape's cookies, the working group stands in danger of simply being bypassed by the market.  </s>
<s> Daniel DuBois listed others, including (if I may paraphrase)  </s>
<s> (d) it may be a mistake to introduce a large set of new issues in the form of a monolithic I-D for the whole spec.  </s>
<s> I would translate these concerns into specific recommendations ("constructive criticism"):  </s>
<s> (1) Like it or not, some of us cannot attend IETF or WWW meetings in person.  </s>
<s> The mailing list MUST remain the document of record.  </s>
<s> This  </s>
<s> means that, while it makes a lot of sense to discuss things in face-to-face meetings, those "owning" a specific and significant aspect of the spec are duty-bound to summarize the discussions for the mailing list in a timely manner.  </s>
<s> What's the point of building the global Internet if we don't use it to get our own work done?  </s>
<s> (2) Someone in the "working group management" MUST maintain a list of unresolved issues, preferrably as Web page so that people can check the current status.  </s>
<s> I'm willing to let the WG chair(s) decide whether an  </s>
<s> issue is resolved or not; that's necessary for forward progress as long as they don't abuse this power.  </s>
<s> (3) Major additions and major changes to the spec MUST be discussed individually.  </s>
<s> In some cases, a separate I-D might be the best approach (we can combine several I-Ds into a complete spec later on).  </s>
<s> In other cases, simply describing the addition/change in a distinct email message to the mailing list should suffice.  </s>
<s> (4) To the extent that the spec involves both principles (such as caching or anti-byte-deluge, for example) and specific implementations of these principles, we SHOULD agree on the principles BEFORE fighting over the specifics.  </s>
<s> (5) Proposed additions and changes to the spec MUST be accompanied by a written rationale, and SHOULD be accompanied by at least an attempt to analyze the proposal with respect to possible alternatives.  </s>
<s> I would like to see brief summaries of these rationales and analyses included in the spec itself, since this would aid implementors in understanding the spec, and would probably avoid some future arguments.  </s>
<s> -Jeff  </s>
<s> This is a great idea, but I've tried to do it, and found it to be exceedingly difficult.  </s>
<s> I expect some suitably easy-to-use issue tracking tools to hit the web any time now, what with all the collaboration experiments and Java applets wizzing around.  </s>
<s> If anybody has a solution they really like, please let me know!  </s>
<s> This is another good idea.  </s>
<s> Again, I've found that it's a LOT of work.  </s>
<s> I think you'd need another editor to take on the work of doing a rationale.  </s>
<s> Any volunteers?  </s>
<s> Dan  </s>
<s> I'm sorry that the two-day delay in getting the minutes out for the afternoon session have caused you some concern, but I promise I'll be doing so soon.  </s>
<s> I do think there've been concerns about the progress of the group so far, but I hope that we've established a mechanism to make more rapid progress.  </s>
<s> More news when the minutes are out.  </s>
<s> I was of the impression that the standard time for minutes to be released was around 6-8 weeks.  </s>
<s> I in no way meant to insinuate that someone was moving slowly - I just thought there was some outside-the-WG IETF bureaucracy behind the scenes with regard to minutes' distribution.  </s>
<s> I must be working from 2nd or 3rd hand information.  </s>
<s> Sorry, no offense intended.  </s>
<s> Dan DuBois, Software Animal http://www.spyglass.com/~ddubois/  </s>
<s> I absolutely do not speak for Spyglass.  </s>
<s> This is a great idea, but I've tried to do it, and found it to be exceedingly difficult.  </s>
<s> I expect some suitably easy-to-use issue tracking tools to hit the web any time now, what with all the collaboration experiments and Java applets wizzing around.  </s>
<s> I'm not looking for any fancy tracking tools.  </s>
<s> I'm looking for a list that is kept reasonably up-to-date by a human.  </s>
<s> It doesn't even have to be in HTML format.  </s>
<s> I think this is part of the task of the working group chair(s).  </s>
<s> It someone has to make decisions about what goes on and comes off.  </s>
<s> If anyone volunteered to maintain this list, they would effectively be running the working group.  </s>
<s> This is another good idea.  </s>
<s> Again, I've found that it's a LOT of work.  </s>
<s> I think you'd need another editor to take on the work of doing a rationale.  </s>
<s> Any volunteers?  </s>
<s> Nonsense (with all due respect!).  </s>
<s> Anyone who writes a specification should be expected to justify that specification.  </s>
<s> If the rationale doesn't appear in the spec per se, it will be dragged out of the spec writer on the mailing list (or perhaps at a meeting, but then the whole issue will be re-opened on the mailing list by those of us not lucky enough to attend).  </s>
<s> I'm not arguing for a separate rationale document, I'm arguing that all non-obvious parts of the spec should include some rationale inline.  </s>
<s> Not a PhD dissertation; just something explicit.  </s>
<s> -Jeff  </s>
<s> I believe there is a fundamental difficulty where one person is both an important design idea contributor and the editor of the consensus design document.  </s>
<s> There is certainly a strong temptation to economize on effort and record design ideas in the form of new text in the design document with the idea of editing the stuff out later.  </s>
<s> Particularily where it seems like the design represented in the document is broken.  </s>
<s> The problem is however that this substantially increases the effort required of all the other designers who must review the document to learn about changes as opposed discussing the ideas, reaching concenus and then only needing to review the document to insure it represents concensus and looking for other issues of course.  </s>
<s> I think many of us believe the draft is a group effort with an editor, not design proposals from a designer.  </s>
<s> That I think is the basic conflict.  </s>
<s> One which I don't have the resource to resolve.  </s>
<s> But unless some organization can relieve Roy of part of the responsiblity or otherwise help him have more time to devote to the process, I think we must attempt to be tolerant of Roy's attempts to work efficiently AND perhaps Roy can help us feel more like participants by making sure new ideas are presented to the list for discussion.  </s>
<s> It is generally accepted that discussion will flow best if each post consists of a single main topic so my suggestion would be that concurrent with revealing a draft which includes new ideas, Roy would provide a set of summary postings which briefly outline the new idea, approach, etc along with page references or whatever in the draft.  </s>
<s> If there is rationale or background or a problem statement not appropriate (or simply not yet included) for the draft, that could be in the post.  </s>
<s> Then the draft doesn't contain suprises and the discussion can be much more focused.  </s>
<s> In turn those of us on the list can focus back on content and not process and work effectively with Roy's efficiencies.  </s>
<s> Just a 'long' idea... Dave Morris  </s>
<s> Now that people have vented about the WG process, I'd like to declare the subject of 'Working Group' process off-limits, unless you've discussed the WG process with the WG chairs (myself and Dave Raggett) and still feel that you haven't gotten satisfaction.  </s>
<s> It's a matter of saving the mailing list for technical issues.  </s>
<s> It has been acknowledged that this is annoying, and I hope to make sure that people won't feel left out of the process again.  </s>
<s> Still, we're going to take the latest 1.1 draft as baseline, and propose changes to it, even if those proposals mean winding back to 1.1.  </s>
<s> I'd like to hear (privately) about any issues that aren't the subject of discussion of any of the subgroups.  </s>
<s> we're not ignoring it.  </s>
<s> oh, it's certainly confusing, but I think 'mistake' is too strong.  </s>
<s> Let's just agree that the current 1.1 draft is just a 'stake in the ground' and that no one should attempt to code to it at the moment.  </s>
<s> Agreed, 100%  </s>
<s> However, for the most part I'm hoping we can handle this by sub-groups.  </s>
<s> I'll keep a list of other issues, but I'll probably just send it to the list from time to time.  </s>
<s> Send me (privately) any issues that you think aren't handled by any of the subgroups (after the minutes get out.)  </s>
<s> I got in trouble before having too many I-Ds in the URI group, so I'm wary of encouraging them.  </s>
<s> (Please ask before authoring a 'working group' Internet Draft.)  </s>
<s> people have trouble sometimes talking about principles in the absence of implementation details.  </s>
<s> This sounds like a good idea but in practice it's hard.  </s>
<s> Have some sympathy.  </s>
<s> This is a nice idea, but we're often not up to it.  </s>
<s> If you have some specific suggestions or questions on rationale that you think need to be in the spec, please send them on as appropriate.  </s>
