<s> Hey folks, Just a couple comments on an overall well written document...  </s>
<s> Checkpoint 6.4: I have some concern over the "write access" portion of the checkpoint.  </s>
<s> For security reasons, we generally need to prevent write access to most of our controls, whether it be from an in-process or out of process application.  </s>
<s> Also, for consistency with checkpoint 6.2, limit the write requirement to those controls that may be edited through the user interface.  </s>
<s> Checkpoint 9.6: Can we allow a configurable option that would include navigation of disabled elements?  </s>
<s> This may be best suited as a comment in the Techniques section.  </s>
<s> From our experience, we have elements that are disabled at one time and then enabled at another time.  </s>
<s> For a consistent navigation, some users have preferred allowing navigation of disabled elements.  </s>
<s> In this case, the element would simply indicate that it is currently disabled.  </s>
<s> It prevents the scenario of elements that seem to disappear.  </s>
<s> Checkpoint 6.6: I understand the need for standard APIs and documented APIs  </s>
<s> for non-standard implementations.  </s>
<s> But because of the way some ATs work, custom code has had to be written by both AOL and AT developers.  </s>
<s> The same is true for other software companies.  </s>
<s> I believe a priority one for the implementation of a user agent should be "make it work".  </s>
<s> Priority two should be "make it work using standards".  </s>
<s> I can go into much greater detail about this if it draws a discussion.  </s>
<s> Scott Totman Prin Software Eng America Online  </s>
<s> Scott, Thank you for your comments.  </s>
<s> My comments marked as JRG:  </s>
<s> JRG: This seems reasonable to me, we will discuss it with the group  </s>
<s> JRG: This is an interesting question.  </s>
<s> Should this be a requirement or a good technique.  </s>
<s> JRG: I would like to talk to you more about this issue and why standard accessibility APIs or standard APIs fall short of the accessibility requirements.  </s>
<s> My main concern is that we want to reduce the reliance on proprietary or special solutions for individual assistive technologies, since this will make it harder for developers to make their software accessible and a smaller number of assistive technologies maybe supported.  </s>
<s> Could you come to our teleconference on Thursday, April 26th or May 3rd to discuss this issue more?  </s>
<s> Telecon time is 2:00 EST.  </s>
<s> Thanks again for your comments.  </s>
<s> They have been added to our last call issue list at: Jon Jon Gunderson, Ph.D., ATP Coordinator of Assistive Communication and Information Technology Division of Rehabilitation - Education Services MC-574 College of Applied Life Studies University of Illinois at Urbana/Champaign 1207 S. Oak Street, Champaign, IL 61820 Voice: (217) 244-5870 E-mail: jongund@uiuc.edu  </s>
<s> WWW: http://www.staff.uiuc.edu/~jongund  </s>
<s> WWW: http://www.w3.org/wai/ua  </s>
<s> Hi Jon and Scott, My comments below preceded by IJ:.  </s>
<s> IJ: Yes, I would support this, too.  </s>
<s> IJ: Yes, I would agree with making this configurable as well.  </s>
<s> More specifically: - The UA satisfies the requirement if disabled elements are never in the navigation order, or - The UA satisfies the requirement if there's a configuration so that disabled elements do not appear in the navigation order.  </s>
<s> IJ: I think this is an important topic, but I may have to miss the teleconference where it is discussed (regrets for 26 April and 3 May).  </s>
<s> As I mentioned in my recent email ([1], issue 13), I think that we need to be able to present a consistent model in the document and provide sufficient rationale when we deviate from it (e.g., our P1 requirement to support the DOM for XML content).  </s>
<s> _ Ian [1] http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/w3c-wai-ua/2001AprJun/0073 Ian Jacobs (ij@w3.org)  </s>
<s> http://www.w3.org/People/Jacobs Cell: +1 917 450-8783  </s>
<s> Your comments [1] were:  </s>
<s> It would be helpful for me to understand more precisely: a) What APIs you are using today to communicate with ATs? b) If you are not using MSAA, can you explain why (without getting yourself into trouble wink )?  </s>
<s> c) What are AT developers asking of you?  </s>
<s> Thanks for any details you can provide (about these or other relevant questions)!  </s>
<s> -Ian [1] http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/w3c-wai-ua/2001AprJun/0068 Ian Jacobs (ij@w3.org)  </s>
<s> http://www.w3.org/People/Jacobs Cell: +1 917 450-8783  </s>
<s> Scott, A couple questions on your comments for checkpoint 6.6: 1.  </s>
<s> What are the problems with MSAA or other APIs that you needed to create a new API communication with assistive technology (AT) like Jaws? 2. Are the special APIs that you are creating publicly documented (or could be) for use by all AT vendors?  </s>
<s> 3. Were the special APIs developed in conjunction with multiple AT vendors?  </s>
<s> Thanks, Jon P.S. Let me know if you can come tomorrow or some other Thursday.  </s>
<s> Jon Gunderson, Ph.D., ATP Coordinator of Assistive Communication and Information Technology Division of Rehabilitation - Education Services MC-574 College of Applied Life Studies University of Illinois at Urbana/Champaign 1207 S. Oak Street, Champaign, IL 61820 Voice: (217) 244-5870 E-mail: jongund@uiuc.edu  </s>
<s> WWW: http://www.staff.uiuc.edu/~jongund  </s>
<s> WWW: http://www.w3.org/wai/ua  </s>
