<s> Hello all Here's the list of action items from the May 22nd WAI technical meeting.  </s>
<s> Now is the time for the Working Group participants to show their resource commitment !  </s>
<s> (vs. the Interest Group participants).  </s>
<s> I'd like to come up with an individual assigment sheet within the next week or so and I encourage people to discuss details of the work under each item on the list (before or after signing up their name).  </s>
<s> Not being assigned to an item doesn't mean you're out of the WG, of course, since there are less action items than list participants :-) I'll list the items and briefly describe the work to be done and ideas where to start from (we can discuss exact source materials url later - note that the meeting minutes and the WAI list archives are obvious sources of information, so I won't mention them below).  </s>
<s> Each item has a code name for quick future reference.  </s>
<s> Roughly, I'd like to set a dead-line of end of June for this work.  </s>
<s> I'd prefer to have only one person's name per item rather than several but if people are confident too many cooks will not drop the soup, that's fine with me.  </s>
<s> Here we go.  </s>
<s> - Cougar It's about making a summary what's new in HTML cougar that is of interest for accessibility and should be considered in the upcoming Markup guidelines work.  </s>
<s> Source materials: Most recent HTML spec - LongDesc One document is the requirement for the dlink (ex dtag) functionality (pointer to long descriptions, non-invasive, now, etc).  </s>
<s> Another is a document showing a solution with Dlink and css, a solution with Object, etc. Source materials: D-tag description at Trace and WGBH.  </s>
<s> - ICADD Requirement document on HTML (convention or other) for the support of ICADD DTD functionality in HTML (missing IPP/BPP) Source materials: ICADD site.  </s>
<s> - XML Requirement document on XML DTD and documents.  </s>
<s> Reserved name space for Accessibility attributes and describe a process by which new XML DTDs would have to comply.  </s>
<s> Source materials: XML area page (not sure one needs member access here).  </s>
<s> - Phonetic Requirement document for Phonetic support in HTML.  </s>
<s> Another document is a report on IPA suitability and what the speech synthesizer vendor supports.  </s>
<s> - ACSS Requirement document about which CSS/ACSS attributes should be part of a minimum accessible user profile where the user-agent can take precedence over the author setting and still have the UA be CSS compliant.  </s>
<s> Also provide exmaples of ACSS files.  </s>
<s> Source materials: ACSS draft.  </s>
<s> - DOM Review of DOM spec.  </s>
<s> See if there are specific Accessibility requirement, both on the DOM work and on its usage (guidelines/usage kind).  </s>
<s> Source materials: DOM page - MATH Review of Math markup spec.  </s>
<s> See if there are specific Accessibility requirement, both on the MATH work and on its usage (guidelines/usage kind).  </s>
<s> Source materials: MATH page (probably the W3C member site) - HTTP We need a requirement document about thing that an end-user would want to say to a server in terms of local capacity or preferences.  </s>
<s> We need to map that onto the HTTP1.1 spec and see if anything is missing.  </s>
<s> Source materials: HTTP 1.1 specs.  </s>
<s> Next week I need to come up with a clear answer on the issue of non-W3C-member WAI WG participant access to the W3C member site (access to most recent spec, to WAI member site with action items, etc) and the visibility of our work and the interest group list.  </s>
<s> I'm most interested in the phonetic issues, since we developed the SSIL standard used in the access industry.  </s>
<s> However, since I'm not as dedicated to this concept as say, someone like T.V. Raman is, you may want to have the most optimistic view put forth, and then reality folks like me commenting.  </s>
<s> Also, I want to understand the non-W3C issue before jumping into this, since this seems to be an important issue to W3C folks.  </s>
<s> Jim Fruchterman  </s>
<s> Hello Jim, I'm happy with you taking on the task of starting the requirements discussion on the WG list, and from there on we can see how others react.  </s>
