In the absence of minutes for our conference call I have written up my notes, attached below. 
Please revise or add if I missed something which you feel is pertinent. 
As discussed I would like to distribute the Page Author recommendations among the AU group members. 
For each recommendation we need to come up with guidelines for how this can be supported in the authoring tool. 
The structure that would be used would be the structure proposed in the agenda notes and discussed during our conference call. 
Thus for each recommendation we want to look at: - help file and documentation text - appropriate prompts in dialogs - when, what is the text - warnings when the prompts are not followed- when, what is the text - checker- can this be reliably checked, what are the conditions that would cause this to be flagged - tool and wizards - are there any tools or wizards that would make it easier to follow this recommendation. 
Could everyone please volunteer for your favorite recommendation. 
I have listed them below. 
We will then compile all the draft recommendations by March 23 and schedule a conference call to go over them for that same week. 
Proposed times are Wednesday March 25 3pm EST or Friday March 27 11 am EST. 
The recommendations we need volunteers for are (please send you choice to the list): Please feel free to volunteer for more than one) Recommendations 1. Style Sheets 2. Images and Image Maps 3. Applets and Scripts 
4. Audio and Video 5. Text, Symbols, Punctuation, Phrases, and Paragraphs 
6. Lists and Outlining 7. Tables (Harvey for sure) 
8. Links 9. Frames (Scott has volunteered) 10. 
User-Input Forms 11. 
If All Else Fails... 12. Good Web Site Design Practices 
Meeting Notes: 1. Brief Introductions Mickey, Harvey, Jim, Lauren, William, Gregg, Mike, Chuck, Jan, Wendy, Scott and Jutta were present. 
2. Brief review of charter (http://www.w3.org/WAI/group/AU/charter.txt) 3. WWW7 meeting, There will be an AU meeting on April the 18 at the WWW7 conference in Brisbane. 
Unfortunately, most working group member will not be in Australia. 
Jutta will investigate an audioconfence bridge for the WWW7 meetings. 4. Author supports (see agenda notes) The proposed author supports were reviewed. 
The consensus seemed to be: - pop-up warnings should be used sparingly, - a spell checker like checker would be beneficial, although difficult to implement because of the complexities of what is checked - the more tools to make processes automatic the better 5. Recommendation structure (see agenda notes) The recommendation structure was tested using the example of framesets. 
It became apparent that there were still issues to resolve regarding the frames recommendation which is a task for the GL group. 
Several tools were proposed to support the creation of a noframes alternative. 
The proposed structure appeared suitable for the task. 
6. Ranking priority It was suggested and agreed upon that we should follow the GL ranking of "required", "recommended" as well as "interim" and "new" (see: 7. Default alt-text (see agenda notes) It was suggested that if there was default text it should be quite clear that it was only default text with a statement such as "graph: alt-text to be added" Chuck stressed that Microsoft is presently dealing with this issue and would appreciate some timely input. 
I'll be at XML conference in Seattle then, so not available. 
Harvey Bingham 
Harvey Bingham -- as tester and serious exploiter of Bobby ?13. Accessibility for XML/XLL/XSL? 
Harvey Bingham 
I'd be willing to help with either of these. 
However, I would rather work with someone as my experiance with HTML is limited. 
Either of the days would work for me for the conference call. 
******* MQ ******* 
Great, I will try to find someone to work on these with you. 
It appears that neither of the originally suggested days is good for the majority of the group members. 
I will try to find other times when the bridge is free. 
Jutta 
