<s> Agenda for RDFCore WG Telecon 2002-06-14 Time: 10:00:00 Fri Jun 14 2002 in America/New York which is equivalent to 15:00:00 Fri Jun 14 2002 in Europe/London irc: irc.w3.org #rdfcore Please note: For tomorrows call, I'd like to try something slightly different and focus primarily on Agenda Item #10 (isDefinedBy) in the hope of using this call to close an open issue.  </s>
<s> If no one else is willing (and i'm happy to have someone volunteer here) I'll try and summarize a proposal of what has been discussed on this issue by tomorrows call in order to expedite discussions.  </s>
<s> If it does not look like we will come to consensus on this issue in a timely manner I'll continue with the rest of the agenda, but i believe we can do this issue via telecon and would not like to take up precious f2f time if we can avoid it.  </s>
<s> Please be prepared to discuss this issue.  </s>
<s> 1: Volunteer scribe 2: Roll Call 3: Review Agenda See: 4: Next telecon?  </s>
<s> 10am Boston time, 21 Jun 2002 5: Review Minutes of 2002-05-31 See: 6: Register for RDF Core F2F See: 7: Status of previous Action Items Note: I believe the following are still open ACTION 2002-05-31#1, FrankM: Circulate list of issues needing clarification ACTION 2002-05-31#2, DaveB: Update syntax spec with above decisions ACTION 2002-05-31#3, JanG: Update test case document with this, and other, test cases ACTION 2002-06-07#1, PatHayes: draft a resolution to rdfms-assertion and send to the list ACTION 2002-06-07#3, JanG: Fold in the consensus test cases and bring back the rest to the group ACTION 2002-06-07#4, JanG: Update the test case problems reported by JeremyC and DaveB Note: I believe the follow are closed ACTION 2002-06-07#5, DaveB: Forward Sean B. Palmer's analysis to the WG list and propose some recommendations from it to close the issue.  </s>
<s> See: 8: outstanding issues - 8 left rdfs-xml-schema-datatypes rdfms-contexts rdfms-seq-representation rdfms-assertion rdfs-editorial rdf-namespace-change faq-html-compliance rdfs-isDefinedBy-semantics See: 9: Approve test cases Propose approve test cases reviewed by Aaron and Graham See: Jeremy and Dave See: 10 Issue: rdfs-isDefinedBy-semantics See: (thread) note: i'll try and summarize a proposal of what has been discussed on this issue by tomorrows call in order to expedite discussions 11: Definition of graph syntax Discuss Jeremy's proposal.  </s>
<s> See: 12: Issue: rdfms-assertion 2002-05-17#7 DaveB Investigate recent TAG decision on registering mime types for W3C specifications and make a recommendation to the WG Also consideration of Tim's recent response and ensuing thread.  </s>
<s> See: 13: Definition of graph syntax Discuss Jeremy's proposal.  </s>
<s> See: 14: Datatypes Pat's provided a revised DataType's Draft based on Patrick's draft Message and corresponding Document Comments from: Aaron Patrick Graham This agenda was unfortunately not produced by Jema, the Jena WG assistant.. but it REALLY wanted to be... eric miller http://www.w3.org/people/em/ semantic web activity lead http://www.w3.org/2001/sw/ w3c world wide web consortium http://www.w3.org/  </s>
<s> Likely regrets, due to the RuleML workshop in Sardinia.  </s>
<s> Mike  </s>
<s> Sorry I missed (am missing?) the telecon.  </s>
<s> Life's complications blew it away and now apparently access is restricted.  </s>
<s> Pat IHMC(850)322 0319 cell 40 South Alcaniz St.(850)202 4416 office  </s>
