<s> The kick off face-to-face meeting will be in Boston on 22-23 November.  </s>
<s> Please let me know if you are able to make it.  </s>
<s> Detailed logistics information will follow shortly.  </s>
<s> The aim of the meeting will be to set the initial direction for the task force.  </s>
<s> To make the discussions as effective as possible, and allow maximum input from those unable to make the meeting, I have prepared some initial ideas at http://www.w3.org/International/geo/plan/ftf1-discussion.html .  </s>
<s> I find it is helpful to start from a proposal when developing strategies.  </s>
<s> Please don't take this as directive.  </s>
<s> It is a means for developing discussion.  </s>
<s> I would encourage everyone to make comments on the discussion document by email prior to the meeting.  </s>
<s> Please try to build on and refer to the text in the discussion document, so that we can incorporate the ideas easily within the agenda.  </s>
<s> Alternative wordings, topics or constructive ideas are welcome!  </s>
<s> Please try to make suggestions whenever possible.  </s>
<s> If writing a long mail note, please try to state your ideas as concisely and clearly as possible, with a summary at the top or at the beginning of each paragraph.  </s>
<s> Break up the text and use headings where appropriate to help the reader.  </s>
<s> Unfortunately I have to leave for a vacation this evening, and my wife won't appreciate it if I'm reading email, so I will rejoin the discussion on Tuesday.  </s>
<s> I look forward to reading your comments.  </s>
<s> All the best, Richard.  </s>
<s> Richard Ishida W3C The W3C Internationalization Activity has restructured, and has issued a call for participation.  </s>
<s> See http://www.w3.org/International/about.html  </s>
<s> Richard: I think this looks like the right sequence and a great structure for the discussion.  </s>
<s> In the section "Who are we targeting?"  </s>
<s> I'd like to explicitly ask whether or not we are targeting web application (CGI, J2EE, ...) developers (and if so, which technologies?).  </s>
<s> I think this will help us understand how to set the scope of topics in B.3.2, and during content brainstorming.  </s>
<s> Steve Steve Billings Global 360 Software Globalization Consulting &amp; Training www.global360.com  </s>
<s> http://www.global360.com/  </s>
<s> [mailto:public-i18n-geo-request@w3.org]On  </s>
<s> Behalf Of Richard Ishida The kick off face-to-face meeting will be in Boston on 22-23 November.  </s>
<s> Please let me know if you are able to make it.  </s>
<s> Detailed logistics information will follow shortly.  </s>
<s> The aim of the meeting will be to set the initial direction for the task force.  </s>
<s> To make the discussions as effective as possible, and allow maximum input from those unable to make the meeting, I have prepared some initial ideas at http://www.w3.org/International/geo/plan/ftf1-discussion.html .  </s>
<s> I find it is helpful to start from a proposal when developing strategies.  </s>
<s> Please don't take this as directive.  </s>
<s> It is a means for developing discussion.  </s>
<s> I would encourage everyone to make comments on the discussion document by email prior to the meeting.  </s>
<s> Please try to build on and refer to the text in the discussion document, so that we can incorporate the ideas easily within the agenda.  </s>
<s> Alternative wordings, topics or constructive ideas are welcome!  </s>
<s> Please try to make suggestions whenever possible.  </s>
<s> If writing a long mail note, please try to state your ideas as concisely and clearly as possible, with a summary at the top or at the beginning of each paragraph.  </s>
<s> Break up the text and use headings where appropriate to help the reader.  </s>
<s> Unfortunately I have to leave for a vacation this evening, and my wife won't appreciate it if I'm reading email, so I will rejoin the discussion on Tuesday.  </s>
<s> I look forward to reading your comments.  </s>
<s> All the best, Richard.  </s>
<s> Richard Ishida W3C The W3C Internationalization Activity has restructured, and has issued a call for participation.  </s>
<s> See http://www.w3.org/International/about.html  </s>
<s> Here are some thoughts after reading Richard's document.  </s>
<s> Any section not mention are ones that I mostly agree with.  </s>
<s> Discussion Document: GEO directions B. Audience, user needs and topic areas for guidelines Section 1.2 -- Initial distinctions on categorizing people: We may also want to focus solutions for two different types of HTML content authors: 1.  </s>
<s> Those on a limited budget and only doing a few pages or a small website 2. Those with fat budgets with large websites to produce.  </s>
<s> Section 1.3 -- Including authoring tool/user agent developers.  </s>
<s> We should keep it simple and leave them out at this time.  </s>
<s> Anyway, if we address what that users should be doing, and they in turn keep asking the developers for tools to do what they need, the developers should fall into place.  </s>
<s> Section 2.1 -- Create a Techniques document Agreed, we need to teach general techniques that they can then use to address new issues they come across and don't have a pre-planned technique for.  </s>
<s> Section 2.2 -- Guideline format We need to be care with terminology.  </s>
<s> Every time you call something a "checklist", people get the idea that if they cover everything on the list they don't have to worry about anything else.  </s>
<s> Better not to ever use Checklist unless it really is one.  </s>
<s> Section 2.3 -- filters If we do the Guideline format right in the first place we should not need filters to get people to what they are looking for.  </s>
<s> My fear of filters are that they may filter out to much, instead of to little.  </s>
<s> Section 2.5 -- Pointers to other resources.  </s>
<s> We should also point to outside resources that have tutorials on using specific technology (i.e. Sun, Microsoft, etc.) to produce solutions.  </s>
<s> Section 2.6 -- Instructions rather than just rules On some thing I agree that instructions would be better, but we should not try to make everything fit this mold.  </s>
<s> There may be generic concepts that we want to teach also.  </s>
<s> Section 2.8 -- Write information to allow for integration into relevant tasks.  </s>
<s> Agree.  </s>
<s> Something we may want to look at is the format Microsoft has used to create it guidelines.  </s>
<s> One starts with an overview and then more detailed areas for those who need or want more info.  </s>
<s> You can see an example of this at: Section 2.9 -- Browser-specific.  </s>
<s> If we use something like I suggested for sec 2.8, we could add detailed directions for each of the major browsers as info for those who need to know.  </s>
<s> Section 2.10 -- Parallel approach for authoring tool.  </s>
<s> The question is there a big enough market for us to spend resources for, or as stated in sec 1.3.  </s>
<s> If we develop what the users need, the developers of authoring tools should be able to understand what they need to do to sell more product.  </s>
<s> Section 2.11 -- Translation of guidelines This is important, but are we hoping that people volunteer for this?  </s>
<s> If so how do you control the quality, etc.? I have others, but this is a good start and I will discuss them at our meeting.  </s>
<s> Regards, Russ (rrolfe) One of the World-Ready Guides (wrg) Are you World-Ready?  </s>
<s> http://www.microsoft.com/globaldev  </s>
<s> The kick off face-to-face meeting will be in Boston on 22-23 November.  </s>
<s> Please let me know if you are able to make it.  </s>
<s> Detailed logistics information will follow shortly.  </s>
<s> The aim of the meeting will be to set the initial direction for the task force.  </s>
<s> To make the discussions as effective as possible, and allow maximum input from those unable to make the meeting, I have prepared some initial ideas at http://www.w3.org/International/geo/plan/ftf1-discussion.html .  </s>
<s> I find it is helpful to start from a proposal when developing strategies.  </s>
<s> Please don't take this as directive.  </s>
<s> It is a means for developing discussion.  </s>
<s> I would encourage everyone to make comments on the discussion document by email prior to the meeting.  </s>
<s> Please try to build on and refer to the text in the discussion document, so that we can incorporate the ideas easily within the agenda.  </s>
<s> Alternative wordings, topics or constructive ideas are welcome!  </s>
<s> Please try to make suggestions whenever possible.  </s>
<s> If writing a long mail note, please try to state your ideas as concisely and clearly as possible, with a summary at the top or at the beginning of each paragraph.  </s>
<s> Break up the text and use headings where appropriate to help the reader.  </s>
<s> Unfortunately I have to leave for a vacation this evening, and my wife won't appreciate it if I'm reading email, so I will rejoin the discussion on Tuesday.  </s>
<s> I look forward to reading your comments.  </s>
<s> All the best, Richard.  </s>
<s> Richard Ishida W3C The W3C Internationalization Activity has restructured, and has issued a call for participation.  </s>
<s> See http://www.w3.org/International/about.html  </s>
