Noon Boston Time Conference number: 2894 Agenda: 1. Technical Plenary 2. WWW meetings 3. Phil re: Portals and ATAG 4. Katie re: Mail authoring and archiving 5. Other Talk to you then! 
Jutta Everyone, I have acted on the idea of a 'summit' at WWW11 in Hawaii and have the following proposal. 
I don't have to make many changes but would love quick feedback. 
The aim, as I am trying to say in the proposal, is the chance to get everyone together... and to advance the metadata issue - we will have a DC WG onthis by then.... 
This would happen, as I see it, during the conf period but we can also have WG meetings if wanted Talking to others, it goes like this: a full day - two parts open audience a set of issues panel sessions and break out groups The current draft is: The aim of Part 1 of the workshop is to raise the awareness and efficiency of the work being done to make the web more accessible. 
The 'summit' will facilitate the interaction in their work of several working groups, from what are considered relevant international communities, to increase accessibility of the web: W3C Working group members, IMS Working group members and Dublin Core Working group members and any others interested in making the web more accessible. 
Members of the three organisations involved have sought this opportunity to work together and will welcome others who can assist them. 
The aim of Part 2 is to work together towards a recommendation for metadata about accessibility, especially working on the possibility of a Dublin Core element. 
The main topics for consideration will be: Part 1 - morning * what is the state of play in countries around the world? 
* who is doing what about standards/guidelines and how can they collaborate? 
* who is doing what about techniques for more 'cool stuff' with improved accessibility? 
* how is the problem of lack of compliant tools being solved? 
- authoring tools, user agents, evaluation and repair tools, ... * who is evaluating and repairing inaccessible content? 
how? 
Part 2 - afternoon * how is accessibility metadata created, recorded and used? 
* what is needed? 
Please send me any comments - I have to submit this asap as it is already late ...... Liddy This seems like a good idea. 
But rather than making it a formal working group meeting, which would be very difficult uinder W3C process anyway given the format, I suggest that you make it a BOF or Panel session. 
In looking at Accessibility metadata I think it is important to involve W3C semantic Web folks too - there is fairly limited expertise in the area within WAI, and it would be good to have both areas of W3C talking about it. 
As far as I can tell this would in fact make it more open to WAI working groups than a working group meeting would be, and while it wouldn't have the ability to make decisions on behalf of a working group, it would be able to produce proposals that could be well-represented and shold be able to be ratified as decisions of working groups if there is broad agreement. 
just my 2 cents worth. 
chaals Everyone, I have acted on the idea of a 'summit' at WWW11 in Hawaii and have the following proposal. 
I don't have to make many changes but would love quick feedback. 
The aim, as I am trying to say in the proposal, is the chance to get everyone together... and to advance the metadata issue - we will have a DC WG onthis by then.... 
This would happen, as I see it, during the conf period but we can also have WG meetings if wanted Talking to others, it goes like this: a full day - two parts open audience a set of issues panel sessions and break out groups The current draft is: The aim of Part 1 of the workshop is to raise the awareness and efficiency of the work being done to make the web more accessible. 
The 'summit' will facilitate the interaction in their work of several working groups, from what are considered relevant international communities, to increase accessibility of the web: W3C Working group members, IMS Working group members and Dublin Core Working group members and any others interested in making the web more accessible. 
Members of the three organisations involved have sought this opportunity to work together and will welcome others who can assist them. 
The aim of Part 2 is to work together towards a recommendation for metadata about accessibility, especially working on the possibility of a Dublin Core element. 
The main topics for consideration will be: Part 1 - morning * what is the state of play in countries around the world? 
* who is doing what about standards/guidelines and how can they collaborate? 
* who is doing what about techniques for more 'cool stuff' with improved accessibility? 
* how is the problem of lack of compliant tools being solved? 
- authoring tools, user agents, evaluation and repair tools, ... * who is evaluating and repairing inaccessible content? 
how? 
Part 2 - afternoon * how is accessibility metadata created, recorded and used? 
* what is needed? 
Please send me any comments - I have to submit this asap as it is already late ...... Liddy Location: 21 Mitchell street FOOTSCRAY Vic 3011, Australia (or W3C INRIA, Route des Lucioles, BP 93, 06902 Sophia Antipolis Cedex, France) I have gone for a workshop on the workshop/tutorial day because otherwise we only get 20 minutes.... but I have said an open session in two parts .... seems like good reasoning to me - the DC people know a bit too ... 
