<s> Noon Boston Time Conference number: 2894 Agenda: 1. Technical Plenary 2. WWW meetings 3. Phil re: Portals and ATAG 4. Katie re: Mail authoring and archiving 5. Other Talk to you then!  </s>
<s> Jutta  </s>
<s> Everyone, I have acted on the idea of a 'summit' at WWW11 in Hawaii and have the following proposal.  </s>
<s> I don't have to make many changes but would love quick feedback.  </s>
<s> The aim, as I am trying to say in the proposal, is the chance to get everyone together... and to advance the metadata issue - we will have a DC WG onthis by then....  </s>
<s> This would happen, as I see it, during the conf period but we can also have WG meetings if wanted Talking to others, it goes like this: a full day - two parts open audience a set of issues panel sessions and break out groups The current draft is: The aim of Part 1 of the workshop is to raise the awareness and efficiency of the work being done to make the web more accessible.  </s>
<s> The 'summit' will facilitate the interaction in their work of several working groups, from what are considered relevant international communities, to increase accessibility of the web: W3C Working group members, IMS Working group members and Dublin Core Working group members and any others interested in making the web more accessible.  </s>
<s> Members of the three organisations involved have sought this opportunity to work together and will welcome others who can assist them.  </s>
<s> The aim of Part 2 is to work together towards a recommendation for metadata about accessibility, especially working on the possibility of a Dublin Core element.  </s>
<s> The main topics for consideration will be: Part 1 - morning * what is the state of play in countries around the world?  </s>
<s> * who is doing what about standards/guidelines and how can they collaborate?  </s>
<s> * who is doing what about techniques for more 'cool stuff' with improved accessibility?  </s>
<s> * how is the problem of lack of compliant tools being solved?  </s>
<s> - authoring tools, user agents, evaluation and repair tools, ... * who is evaluating and repairing inaccessible content?  </s>
<s> how?  </s>
<s> Part 2 - afternoon * how is accessibility metadata created, recorded and used?  </s>
<s> * what is needed?  </s>
<s> Please send me any comments - I have to submit this asap as it is already late ...... Liddy  </s>
<s> This seems like a good idea.  </s>
<s> But rather than making it a formal working group meeting, which would be very difficult uinder W3C process anyway given the format, I suggest that you make it a BOF or Panel session.  </s>
<s> In looking at  </s>
<s> Accessibility metadata I think it is important to involve W3C semantic Web folks too - there is fairly limited expertise in the area within WAI, and it would be good to have both areas of W3C talking about it.  </s>
<s> As far as I can tell this would in fact make it more open to WAI working groups than a working group meeting would be, and while it wouldn't have the ability to make decisions on behalf of a working group, it would be able to produce proposals that could be well-represented and shold be able to be ratified as decisions of working groups if there is broad agreement.  </s>
<s> just my 2 cents worth.  </s>
<s> chaals Everyone, I have acted on the idea of a 'summit' at WWW11 in Hawaii and have the following proposal.  </s>
<s> I don't have to make many changes but would love quick feedback.  </s>
<s> The aim, as I am trying to say in the proposal, is the chance to get everyone together... and to advance the metadata issue - we will have a DC WG onthis by then....  </s>
<s> This would happen, as I see it, during the conf period but we can also have WG meetings if wanted Talking to others, it goes like this: a full day - two parts open audience a set of issues panel sessions and break out groups The current draft is: The aim of Part 1 of the workshop is to raise the awareness and efficiency of the work being done to make the web more accessible.  </s>
<s> The 'summit' will facilitate the interaction in their work of several working groups, from what are considered relevant international communities, to increase accessibility of the web: W3C Working group members, IMS Working group members and Dublin Core Working group members and any others interested in making the web more accessible.  </s>
<s> Members of the three organisations involved have sought this opportunity to work together and will welcome others who can assist them.  </s>
<s> The aim of Part 2 is to work together towards a recommendation for metadata about accessibility, especially working on the possibility of a Dublin Core element.  </s>
<s> The main topics for consideration will be: Part 1 - morning * what is the state of play in countries around the world?  </s>
<s> * who is doing what about standards/guidelines and how can they collaborate?  </s>
<s> * who is doing what about techniques for more 'cool stuff' with improved accessibility?  </s>
<s> * how is the problem of lack of compliant tools being solved?  </s>
<s> - authoring tools, user agents, evaluation and repair tools, ... * who is evaluating and repairing inaccessible content?  </s>
<s> how?  </s>
<s> Part 2 - afternoon * how is accessibility metadata created, recorded and used?  </s>
<s> * what is needed?  </s>
<s> Please send me any comments - I have to submit this asap as it is already late ...... Liddy Location: 21 Mitchell street FOOTSCRAY Vic 3011, Australia (or W3C INRIA, Route des Lucioles, BP 93, 06902 Sophia Antipolis Cedex, France)  </s>
<s> I have gone for a workshop on the workshop/tutorial day because otherwise we only get 20 minutes.... but I have said an open session in two parts ....  </s>
<s> seems like good reasoning to me - the DC people know a bit too ...  </s>
