<s> Attendance Chair: Jon Gunderson Scribe: Jim Allan/Ian Jacobs Present: Jim Allan Gregory J. Rosmaita (Joined at 12:15) Mickey Quenzer Harvey Bingham (Joined at 12:15) Dick Brown Rich Schwerdtfeger Regrets: Charles McCathieNevile Action Items Completed Action Items 1.JG/IJ: Publish F2F agenda on 8 December 2.JG: Send request for change in telecon time to W3C admin See announcements section 3.JG: Resend the conformance issue validation to the WAI CG Status: Done 4.JG: Take WHO definitions of disability, impairment and functional to the CG for consideration in WAI definitions Status: Done 5.JG: Request UA/GL/UA join meeting related to terminology related to multi-media Status: Done 6.JA: Propose a revised Checkpopint 3.9 and 3.10 to the list.  </s>
<s> Continued Action Items 1.IJ: Review techniques for topic 3.2 2.IJ: Add clarifying Note to rationale that UAs can turn off control of content even if it passes content off for rendering.  </s>
<s> 3.IJ: Send proposal to list related to checkpoint for incremental positioning control in multi-media 4.IJ: Draft a statement for time of publication, there is no authoritative body that validates claims of conformance 5.IJ: Refer to ATAG definition of "applicability" and propose to list.  </s>
<s> 6.IJ: In glossary, add WHO definition of impairment, disability, and add functional limitation 7.IJ: Repropose simpler Checkpoint for 1.1 8.IJ: Repropose the delivery mechanism of conformance statement to allow documentation as an option 9.IJ: Add access to the "class" attribute of an element to techniques document 10.IJ: Propose new checkpoint by merging 7.3 and 7.7 to the list 11.IJ: Propose a technique for using XSL to transform content 12.JG: Review techniques for Guideline 8.3 to 8.9 13.DA: Propose rational to explain why deceleration of multi-media is important for users with impairments.  </s>
<s> 14.DB: Review techniques for Guideline 5 15.DB: Ask IE Team about publication of review of IE 5 and Pri 1 checkpoints.  </s>
<s> 16.DB: Find out how developers find out which appropriate triggers to use in Windows for using built-in accessibility features (i.e. sound sentry, show sounds, ...) 17.DP: Propose new Checkpoint 1.5 for access to system messages 18.DP: Send to the list techniques for how to use and control focus to not have new windows cause problems for usability.  </s>
<s> In particular, how this will work with ATs. 19.EH: Refine proposal on the meaning of "synchornized alternatives" to the list.  </s>
<s> 20.GR: Take WHO definitions of disability, impairment and functional to the ATAG and GL WGs for consideration in their definitions 21.GR: Send to the list techniques for how to use and control focus to not have new windows cause problems for usability.  </s>
<s> In particular, how this will work with ATs. 22.GR: Write a technique on how to create accessible installation 23.KB: Update impact matrix based on 5 November draft.  </s>
<s> Pending 24.MR: Review techniques for topic 3.1 (Multi-media) 25.MR: Review techniques for Guideline 4 (Multi-media) 26.MK: Write some comments on synchronization in multi-media to the list 27.MQ: Ask Mark about meaning of comment raised in Issue #167 28.WC: Take form submission to GL WG to discuss issues related to inadvertent submission.  </s>
<s> New Action Items 1.JG: Contact Madelaine Rothberg, Marjia, Eric Hanson, Ian send proposal related to multi-media terminology to AU and GL with history and proposal to reconcile any current or potential differences between documents.  </s>
<s> 2.IJ: Write Bryan Campbell/H?kon Lie for clarification and David Clark, Mark Novak (cc the list).  </s>
<s> 3.JG: I will request the bridge for 5 and 12 January at 12:00 EST for extra conference calls to clear the issues list by early January Minutes Chair note: The wrong telephone number was provided by the chair in the announcement for the telecon and 6 members of the group called into the announced phone number.  </s>
<s> Two people eventually called the number the group was scheduled to be on.  </s>
<s> The chair apologizes to the working group for providing the wrong information.  </s>
<s> Agenda [1] [1] http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/w3c-wai-ua/1999OctDec/0695.html  </s>
<s> NOTE: Jon will schedule extra teleconference scheduled for 5 January at 12pm ET NOTE: Starting 6 January, standard teleconference times will be at 2:00-3:30 pm ET. with a new number (617) 252-1038 /* Jim Allan scribe */  </s>
<s> Review Open Action Items  </s>
<s> 1.IJ: Review techniques for topic 3.2 2.IJ: Add clarifying Note to rationale that UAs can turn off control of content even if it passes content off for rendering.  </s>
<s> 3.IJ: Send proposal to list related to checkpoint for incremental positioning control in multi-media 4.IJ: Draft a statement for time of publication, there is no authoritative body that validates claims of conformance 5.IJ: Refer to ATAG definition of "applicability" and propose to list.  </s>
<s> 6.IJ: In glossary, add WHO definition of impairment, disability, and add functional limitation 7.IJ: Repropose simpler Checkpoint for 1.1 8.IJ: Repropose the delivery mechanism of conformance statement to allow documentation as an option 9.IJ: Add access to the "class" attribute of an element to techniques document 10.IJ: Propose new checkpoint by merging 7.3 and 7.7 to the list 11.IJ: Propose a technique for using XSL to transform content 12.JG: Review techniques for Guideline 8.3 to 8.9 13.JG/IJ: Publish F2F agenda on 8 December - done 14.JG: Send request for change in telecon time to W3C admin -done 15.JG: Request UA/GL/UA join meeting related to terminology related to multi-media 16.JG: Resend the conformance issue validation to the WAI CG -done 17.JG: Take WHO definitions of disability, impairment and functional to the CG for consideration in WAI definitions - done 18.DA: Propose rational to explain why deceleration of multi-media is important for users with impairments.  </s>
<s> 19.DB: Review techniques for Guideline 5 - his are in, waiting on IE Team-pending 20.DB: Ask IE Team about publication of review of IE 5 and Pri 1 checkpoints.  </s>
<s> -pending 21.DB: Find out how developers find out which appropriate triggers to use in Windows for using built-in accessibility features (i.e. sound sentry, show sounds, ...).  </s>
<s> -pending 22.DP: Propose new Checkpoint 1.5 for access to system messages 23.DP: Send to the list techniques for how to use and control focus to not have new windows cause problems for usability.  </s>
<s> In particular, how this will work with ATs. 24.EH: Refine proposal on the meaning of "synchornized alternatives" to the list.  </s>
<s> 25.JA: Propose a revised Checkpopint 3.9 and 3.10 to the list.  </s>
<s> -done 26.GR: Take WHO definitions of disability, impairment and functional to the ATAG and GL WGs for consideration in their definitions 27.GR: Send to the list techniques for how to use and control focus to not have new windows cause problems for usability.  </s>
<s> In particular, how this will work with ATs. 28.GR: Write a technique on how to create accessible installation 29.KB: Update impact matrix based on 5 November draft.  </s>
<s> Pending 30.MR: Review techniques for topic 3.1 (Multi-media) 31.MR: Review techniques for Guideline 4 (Multi-media) 32.MK: Write some comments on synchronization in multi-media to the list 33.MQ: Ask Mark about meaning of comment raised in Issue #167 -pending 34.WC: Take form submission to GL WG to discuss issues related to inadvertent submission.  </s>
<s> Announcements 1.Web Content is rechartering - announced - 2 stage process, 1.1 version, then work on major revision 2.New telecon day and time for working group start on 6 January 2000 Thursdays, 2-3:30pm (EST, USA), on Longfellow Bridge (+1-617-252-1038) Discussion 1.Candidate Recommendation Stage Are we obligated?  </s>
<s> Showing implementations to director and in techniques document?  </s>
<s> jg: review-new stage of recommendation.  </s>
<s> Proposed Rec-Candidate  </s>
<s> (implementation period-demonstrate that guidelines are implementable)-Full Rec.  </s>
<s> Our obligation-that our technical guidelines are usable by vendors, show an example of each checkpoint in a browser or demonstration project.  </s>
<s> Where no clear implementation get a vendor to make an example.  </s>
<s> rs:will it push out timeline?  </s>
<s> jg: should not puch out timeline.  </s>
<s> rs would be a good resource for DOM demonstration, not asking for commitment.  </s>
<s> need examples of guideline 5....other comments rs: want to become more involved in DOM working group jg: look through techniques, and fill in blanks mq: send information to reviewers about new process jg: reviews might not know about new process mq: feedback about status of document LC#137: Use of terms for disabilities, impairment -- add in agenda jg: Denis Anson brought WHO def to f2f.  </s>
<s> jg brought to coordination group...CG those defs are medical model, contemporary-more positive, inclusive.  </s>
<s> Many disability groups do not like WHO def.  </s>
<s> CG recommends using standing def.  </s>
<s> in the current document.  </s>
<s> Comments.... mq: so we don't have to change anything.  </s>
<s> its all personal preference jg: good for keeping in harmony with other documents, and Judy Brewer would balk.  </s>
<s> Issue closed.  </s>
<s> no decension in group.  </s>
<s> LC#138: "Synchronized equivalent" v. "Continuous Equivalent"/ Proposed split of 2.5 add in agenda jg: coordinate with AU - not addressed in their document.  </s>
<s> should not have dependencies.  </s>
<s> may have a problem with web content.  </s>
<s> WCGL is not chartered hard to get together.  </s>
<s> send proposal to AU and GL with history and proposal.  </s>
<s> Action item for Madelaine Rothberg, Marjia, Eric Hanson.  </s>
<s> Action JG: Contact Madelaine Rothberg, Marjia, Eric Hanson, Ian .send proposal to AU and GL with history and proposal.  </s>
<s> 2.LC#133: Priority of 10.1 compared to 10.3 rs: on 10-1 provide input to api jg: Ian has action on API issue.  </s>
<s> lets focus on priority jg: allowing user to change input bindings mq: changing 10-1 priority jg: priority ok rs: priority ok db: priorty ok Resolved leave priorites as is 3.LC#146: Review priorities of 4.16, 5.2, 8.3, 8.5, 10.3, 10.6 review 4.16 ja: how does this apply to gui browsers jg: poll group all ok with P2 Resolved: 4.16 P2 Resolved 5.2 revised 2 times /* Ian Joins */ /* Ian becomes the scribe */ For checkpoint 8.3: * Some agreement that the outline view is a technique for navigation.  </s>
<s> Resolved: a) 8.5 in 6 December draft now Priority 3. b) Clarify that the view need not be active.  </s>
<s> Clarify that this is a technique for 7.7 For checkpoint 8.3 in 6 December draft: RS: A lot of non-disabled users don't have access to this information.  </s>
<s> IJ: Is it a lot extra effort to follow the link and then hit back?  </s>
<s> RS, DB: This is a usability issue.  </s>
<s> JG: What are the implications to the UAs?  </s>
<s> Exposing the history list to the AT? MQ: I find visited links to be useless.  </s>
<s> The information I get sometimes is unreliable.  </s>
<s> DB: I don't if the history list is available programmatically.  </s>
<s> I suspect it is.  </s>
<s> RS: I think so too.  </s>
<s> Resolved: Priority 3 For checkpoint 10.3 in 6 December draft: Resolved: Priority 2 (same) For checkpoint 10.6 in 6 December draft: DB: Do OS profiles count?  </s>
<s> IJ: Yes.  </s>
<s> RS: What about hand-held devices?  </s>
<s> Resolved: Leave as P2 but clarify in the checkpoint text that this is for operating systems where it's possible to identify oneself as a specific user.  </s>
<s> 4.LC#155: Propose change of priorities for checkpoints 5.3 (r/w access) and 10.3 (single key) For 5.3, resolved per ftf decisions.  </s>
<s> /* Gregory joined */ /* Harvey joined */ /* DB leaves */ For 10.3 IJ: Is it P1 to be able to trigger some functionalities (non-configurable) with a single key?  </s>
<s> RS: Does this include closing the application?  </s>
<s> JG: That's the problem, you don't know what people want.  </s>
<s> RS: Single key could be hit multiple times.  </s>
<s> But this gets messy.  </s>
<s> GR: Proposed useful baseline for deciding what's necessary for single-key access: there are many single actions that you find on a menu bar.  </s>
<s> Perhaps start by saying "For all single actions enabled by the UI".  </s>
<s> IJ: In Word, for example, you can put buttons for each functionality on the tool bar.  </s>
<s> RS: You probably want to exclude author-defined access keys.  </s>
<s> GR: There's a difference between serial single-key strokes and modifier keys (two at once).  </s>
<s> JG: Doesn't seem to me to be impossible to active functionalities without single key.  </s>
<s> IJ: What does "single key" mean: a) Not two keys at once?  </s>
<s> b) Single action?  </s>
<s> RS: Real killer is requiring the user to hit several keys simultaneously.  </s>
<s> Resolved: * Move first two sentences from 1.4 to note for 10.7 * Add a note about single key access to 10.7 * Add a cross-reference from 1.4 to 10.7 Action Ian: Write Bryan Campbell/H?kon Lie for clarification and David Clark, Mark Novak (cc the list).  </s>
<s> Extra Telecon to Process Issues Action JG: I will request the bridge for 5 and 12 January at 12:00 EST for extra conference calls to clear the issues list by early January.  </s>
<s> Jon Gunderson, Ph.D., ATP Coordinator of Assistive Communication and Information Technology Chair, W3C WAI User Agent Working Group Division of Rehabilitation - Education Services College of Applied Life Studies University of Illinois at Urbana/Champaign 1207 S. Oak Street, Champaign, IL 61820 Voice: (217) 244-5870 E-mail: jongund@uiuc.edu  </s>
<s> WWW: http://www.staff.uiuc.edu/~jongund  </s>
<s> WWW: http://www.w3.org/wai/ua  </s>
<s> Hi All I noted in the F2F mtg, on thursday 9th, there was some discussion regarding issue 142, and again in the minutes from yesterdays teleconf.  </s>
<s> call, an open action item #21 for finding out how developers use Windows built in features, specifically SoundSentry and ShowSounds.  </s>
<s> First, because I was not at the F2F, and did not get all the discussion, if any  </s>
<s> of my note below is old-news, please just ignore it.  </s>
<s> Second, I don't mean to steal any of Dick's thunder, since it seems as though this open issue was assigned to him.  </s>
<s> That said, I'd like to add the following note to the discussion.  </s>
<s> At the F2F Mtg, from the notes: regarding the discussion on Issue 142.....about checkpoint 1.5, it seemed the discussion got off track a bit.  </s>
<s> As I read checkpoint 1.5, it talks about making sure messages are available, for example, if a dialog box pops up telling the user that a "file cannot be found", that "text" and the dialog box itself, needs to be available in such a fashion, that AT is aware of it, and can provide the information to the user as necessary (e.g., read the text, etc.) Somehow the discussion got off onto SoundSentry, which I believe is a mis-conception for this checkpoint.  </s>
<s> SoundSentry is intended to only provide the user with a simple visual indication of simple sounds the computer may generate (i.e., the application "beeps" when the user tries to type into an inappropriate window, etc.).  </s>
<s> Simple visual indication was kind of discussed, but SoundSentry only does a "flash the caption bar, or flash the active window" when using MS Windows, or "flash the menu bar" when using Mac OS, there is currently  </s>
<s> no provision to provide text.  </s>
<s> That doesn't mean that the "application" could not also provide some kind of "text or text equivalent" in addition to making a simple sound, just that this is out-side the scope of SoundSentry.  </s>
<s> In fact, many applications already do provide some kind of dialog box with text, etc., when they generate a simple "beep".  </s>
<s> SoundSentry is an operating system setting.  </s>
<s> The user has the ability to turn this setting on/off in MS Windows, DOS, and the Mac OS. On these platforms, the UA would not have to do anything different than what it would already be doing, if it was generating a simple sound, like a beep, etc. SoundSentry, if turned on would catch this, and do its thing.  </s>
<s> Having said that, realize the implementation of SoundSentry in MS Windows 9.x/nt is still evolving.  </s>
<s> What I mean by that, is that on the PC, SoundSentry originally only had to monitor the PC speaker for sounds.  </s>
<s> On today's multi-media computers, SoundSentry also needs to monitor and understand the sound card, which it is not yet doing very well.  </s>
<s> The MacOS implementation of SoundSentry is the model to follow here.  </s>
<s> If the simple sound(s) progresses out of "simple", and that would mean that the  </s>
<s> sound or audio is now conveying "information", then the operating system flag/setting called ShowSounds would be a more appropriate solution.  </s>
<s> The UA's should definitely pay attention to when the user has the ShowSounds flag set, since that user is informing any/all applications (including the OS) that he/she wishes to have all audio information to also be presented in a "visual" format.  </s>
<s> If people still feel there is a "gray area" left between what would be SoundSentry and what would be ShowSounds, then I'd propose that is an operating system issue, one we'd be glad to take back to MS, Apple, etc., and outside the scope of the UA guidelines.  </s>
<s> The UA should, as stated in 1.5, "available through standard output APIs", and then SoundSentry and/or ShowSounds will be able to do their thing.  </s>
<s> Mark  </s>
<s> Thanks for the overview.  </s>
<s> Jon  </s>
<s> if any  </s>
<s> currently  </s>
<s> that the  </s>
<s> format.  </s>
<s> Jon Gunderson, Ph.D., ATP Coordinator of Assistive Communication and Information Technology Chair, W3C WAI User Agent Working Group Division of Rehabilitation - Education Services College of Applied Life Studies University of Illinois at Urbana/Champaign 1207 S. Oak Street, Champaign, IL 61820 Voice: (217) 244-5870 E-mail: jongund@uiuc.edu  </s>
<s> WWW: http://www.staff.uiuc.edu/~jongund  </s>
<s> WWW: http://www.w3.org/wai/ua  </s>
