Once again, we have to reschedule. 
There has apparently been some informal discussion based on have documents ready for the next step by 14 Jul. 
We also have to take a view on what the next step is. 
What remains to be done? 
- complete process on oustanding last call comments: primer all done syntax all done concepts 11 with resolutions but no response to commenter schema 2 with no resolution semantics 7 with no resolution, 6 no response to commentor test cases - 1 without resolution There is a not inconsiderable amount of work to be done on this. 
It is unknown whether commentors will be satisfied and futher discussion needed. 
- Documents - What is the current status? 
My understanding: - primer - unknown - syntax - nearly ready - concepts - nearly ready - schema - unchanged from last call - semantics - nearly ready - test cases - unchanged since last call However, all the 'nearly ready' are at risk whilst we have outstanding issues. 
- Decide what the next step should be - Review document changes - Update the issues list - Prepare request to advance I note also that we are nearly into the holiday season when progress will inevitably slow down. 
I also note I would appreciate commitments from the editors about when: - the last call comments process will be completed for their document - Documents ready for the next step will be ready Brian I tend to focus on this. 
Hmm... you did a draft, no? 
I can't find it from the WG home page. 
Ah... from a CG agenda... but I see it's world-readable... 
For WebOnt, I'm just changed the top item in our "current events" from last call to the preparation of our request... 
So every week, I look at what's missing from that request, and I try to get it done or get it on the telcon agenda. 
Dan Connolly, W3C http://www.w3.org/People/Connolly/ 
If this is the issue I raised, I've not retabled it because we already discussed it by email and everyone seemed OK with this. 
jan grant, ILRT, University of Bristol. 
http://www.ilrt.bris.ac.uk/ User interface? 
I hardly know 'er! Yes it is. 
Can you dig out the pointers so we can formally close it? 
Brian Good advice. 
I just had a helpful chat with Eric from which I came away thinking that the key thing we need to do is prioritize. 
This sounds like a good way to prioritize. 
Brian assuming no pollution from other documents, I am expecting we will agree your proposal on the I18N comment tomorrow. 
I will update the document in light of any comments made at the telecon tomorrow and then Graham and I can respond to the commentators. 
(I believe it is Graham to respond to Peter on all issues, and I can do the others). 
Jeremy Raised: Issue assigned: Disposition agreed in minutes: (under item 10) Responded to author: :-) jan grant, ILRT, University of Bristol. 
http://www.ilrt.bris.ac.uk/ 
Ever see something and think, "I've gotta leverage me some of that?" 
Odds are, you were looking at a synergy and didn't even know it. 
