<s> For those of you who volunteered to do a one-page write-up on an area of future work, please send your write-ups to this mailing list by the end of this week.  </s>
<s> Thanks!  </s>
<s> Lorrie From: "Lorrie Cranor" lorrie@research.att.com  </s>
<s> Date: Thu, 14 Nov 2002 21:06:24 -0500 Subject: P3P next steps list Thanks to everyone who participated for a great workshop!  </s>
<s> We had some very useful discussions and got a good sense of the areas where there is interest in additional work.  </s>
<s> Rough minutes will be sent to this list soon and a summary report should be ready in mid-December.  </s>
<s> The following is the list of areas for future work that we identified and prioritized during the closing session.  </s>
<s> I have indicated the names of the people who volunteered to write up a 1 page proposal on each of these areas.  </s>
<s> Please include purpose, scope, resources, and time frame and send your proposals to this mailing list by Dec. 13.  </s>
<s> Areas for future work 1.  </s>
<s> Vocabulary issues [high priority - mostly for 1.1, maybe some for 2.0] a. Article 10 issues [volunteers: Diana and Giles] b. primary data uses [volunteer: Lorrie] c. general vocab review [maybe longterm - volunteer: Lorrie] 2. Indication of agent status, multiple domains owned by same company, etc. [high priority - possibly for 1.1, otherwise for 2.0 - volunteer: Brian Zwit] 3. Spec ambiguities [short term high priority - volunteer: Matthias] 4. Compact policies [high priority for 1.1, Brooks has been volunteered] a. What are performance issues that motivate CP and what are alternative approaches?  </s>
<s> Where exactly is the problem?  </s>
<s> b. Semantic issues c.  </s>
<s> Cross-product problem -- need for grouping mechanism d. Agent status, multiple domains owned by the same company, etc. 5. User agent behavior [high priority, either short term or long term, volunteer: Brian Zwit] a. Human readable notices i. user friendly version in spec (must, should, or reference examples) ii. coordinate with short notices 6. Statements in the spec to better articulate what P3P is and isn't [short term high priority, volunteer: Brian Zwit] 7. How to use P3P w/out binding to HTTP and URIs [quick win, volunteer: Danny] 8. Consent recording mechanism [high priority, long term, volunteer: Matthias] 9. Feedback channel [little interest] 10.  </s>
<s> User preference language -- APPEL, etc. [high priority, volunteer: Giles] a. ontology - default languages 11.  </s>
<s> Convert P3P data schema to XML schema [low priority but might be quick win, volunteer: Giles] 12. Coordination with other efforts [high priority for both short term and long term, volunteer: Danny] a. Liberty Alliance b.  </s>
<s> Other authentication efforts c. Web services/SOAP d. Geopriv e.  </s>
<s> Short notices f. DAML 13. XML signatures [low priority but might be quick win, volunteer: Giles] 14.  </s>
<s> P3P in backend databases [little interest] 15.  </s>
<s> Identity management [Marit volunteered by Rigo] 16. Outreach - to be covered by POWG Workshop Deliverables 1. raw minutes (send to rigo for posting) 2. this list 3. summary report (Lorrie and Danny will prepare draft by Dec. 13) 4. one page write ups (first drafts sent to workshop mailing list by Dec. 13) -- include purpose, scope, resources, time frame  </s>
<s> Citigroup would be glad to help out in 1, 2, 5, 6 and/or 10 Especially with respect to where these touch on topics such as GLBA or trans-border issues For those of you who volunteered to do a one-page write-up on an area of future work, please send your write-ups to this mailing list by the end of this week.  </s>
<s> Thanks!  </s>
<s> Lorrie Thanks to everyone who participated for a great workshop!  </s>
<s> We had some very useful discussions and got a good sense of the areas where there is interest in additional work.  </s>
<s> Rough minutes will be sent to this list soon and a summary report should be ready in mid-December.  </s>
<s> The following is the list of areas for future work that we identified and prioritized during the closing session.  </s>
<s> I have indicated the names of the people who volunteered to write up a 1 page proposal on each of these areas.  </s>
<s> Please include purpose, scope, resources, and time frame and send your proposals to this mailing list by Dec. 13.  </s>
<s> Areas for future work 1.  </s>
<s> Vocabulary issues [high priority - mostly for 1.1, maybe some for 2.0] a. Article 10 issues [volunteers: Diana and Giles] b. primary data uses [volunteer: Lorrie] c. general vocab review [maybe longterm - volunteer: Lorrie] 2. Indication of agent status, multiple domains owned by same company, etc. [high priority - possibly for 1.1, otherwise for 2.0 - volunteer: Brian Zwit] 3. Spec ambiguities [short term high priority - volunteer: Matthias] 4. Compact policies [high priority for 1.1, Brooks has been volunteered] a. What are performance issues that motivate CP and what are alternative approaches?  </s>
<s> Where exactly is the problem?  </s>
<s> b. Semantic issues c.  </s>
<s> Cross-product problem -- need for grouping mechanism d. Agent status, multiple domains owned by the same company, etc. 5. User agent behavior [high priority, either short term or long term, volunteer: Brian Zwit] a. Human readable notices i. user friendly version in spec (must, should, or reference examples) ii. coordinate with short notices 6. Statements in the spec to better articulate what P3P is and isn't [short term high priority, volunteer: Brian Zwit] 7. How to use P3P w/out binding to HTTP and URIs [quick win, volunteer: Danny] 8. Consent recording mechanism [high priority, long term, volunteer: Matthias] 9. Feedback channel [little interest] 10.  </s>
<s> User preference language -- APPEL, etc. [high priority, volunteer: Giles] a. ontology - default languages 11.  </s>
<s> Convert P3P data schema to XML schema [low priority but might be quick win, volunteer: Giles] 12. Coordination with other efforts [high priority for both short term and long term, volunteer: Danny] a. Liberty Alliance b.  </s>
<s> Other authentication efforts c. Web services/SOAP d. Geopriv e.  </s>
<s> Short notices f. DAML 13. XML signatures [low priority but might be quick win, volunteer: Giles] 14.  </s>
<s> P3P in backend databases [little interest] 15.  </s>
<s> Identity management [Marit volunteered by Rigo] 16. Outreach - to be covered by POWG Workshop Deliverables 1. raw minutes (send to rigo for posting) 2. this list 3. summary report (Lorrie and Danny will prepare draft by Dec. 13) 4. one page write ups (first drafts sent to workshop mailing list by Dec. 13) -- include purpose, scope, resources, time frame  </s>
<s> Vocabulary issues -- primary data uses and general vocab review A number of somewhat vague concerns have been raised about the P3P vocabulary, especially with regards to the lack of granularity it provides for expressing the primary purpose for which data is collected.  </s>
<s> The P3P vocabulary focuses on secondary purposes rather than primary purposes because these are the purposes that it was thought users would want their agents to consider in automated decision-making.  </s>
<s> However, companies have indicated a desire to express primary purposes as well, and primary purposes are likely to be useful for back end processing.  </s>
<s> Without changing the P3P specification, sites can use the CONSEQUENCE element to explain their primary data uses.  </s>
<s> Perhaps the specification might be clarified to make this clear.  </s>
<s> Companies developing back-end P3P-related products might develop their own vocabulary for primary data uses and use the P3P extension mechanism to integrate it into P3P policies.  </s>
<s> Once such a vocabulary is put forward, W3C should consider whether or not a version of it should be standardized in a future version of P3P or as a stand-alone W3C specification.  </s>
<s> Except in the area of EU Directive compliance and agent relationships, no other specific vocabulary issues have been raised.  </s>
<s> Thus, it seems premature to undergo a complete review of the P3P vocabulary at this time.  </s>
<s> My recommendation is that the next P3P working group be chartered to consider suggestions to clarify the meaning and use of existing P3P vocabulary elements and vocabulary changes to address the specific concerns that have been raised that may impact P3P implementation and adoption.  </s>
<s> A deadline should be set for raising vocabulary-related issues for consideration in the P3P1.1 timeframe.  </s>
<s> Should a future P3P working group be chartered following the P3P1.1 work, that group might take on a more thorough review and possible overhaul of the P3P vocabulary.  </s>
<s> Lorrie Cranor  </s>
<s> Improvements to APPEL language (Item 10) Purpose: -To enable default settings of P3P privacy preferences to be distributed among user agents in order to satisfy legal requirements, particularly within the EU -To provide the possibility for more uniformity between user agents and hence more business investment in P3P due to consistent user agent behavior.  </s>
<s> -To produce a preference exchange language which would be acceptable and easy to use for developers and which at the same time allows sufficient expressiveness.  </s>
<s> -To produce a language, which is not logically ambiguous - i.e. each rule/preference will have the same behavior with all semantically equivalent policies (this is not currently the case with APPEL).  </s>
<s> -To produce a user interface/conceptual model for APPEL, which is comfortable for non expert users.  </s>
<s> Scope: The work involved in this item is as follows.  </s>
<s> 1. Develop a specification for an XPATH enabled version of the current APPEL.  </s>
<s> This would enable developers to write arbitrary queries, which would more easily express the kind of logic required for expressing sub-tree matching rules.  </s>
<s> This essentially provides for rules which can match arbitrary policy fragments.  </s>
<s> This satisfies legal requirements because legal bodies will wish essentially to have arbitrary scope in creating APPEL preference sets for distribution.  </s>
<s> 2. Consult with browser implementers who may eventually integrate the preference exchange language, to make sure that the specification provides what they require to be willing to commit to it.  </s>
<s> 3. With this in place, it will be possible to distribute preferences sets such as "EU default preferences", "US safe harbour default preferences" etc? 4. Provide a higher level ontology for the arbitrary matching capability such that it is accessible to uninitiated users.  </s>
<s> There are two possible routes for point 4: 1. Leave it to "market forces" to sort out standard sets of preferences.  </s>
<s> One could imagine that some structured discussion among interested parties could lead to a list of standard sets of preferences so that for example, High, Low, Medium could be simply APPEL rulesets with a well defined interoperable meaning.  </s>
<s> 2. Develop a higher level ontology which restricts user agent interfaces to a more limited set of higher level concepts with a well defined mapping to the concepts of P3P.  </s>
<s> This would then have the effect of standardizing the way that preferences are presented and reducing confusion in end users.  </s>
<s> Clearly the second alternative is preferable in the long run because in conjunction with a proven conceptual mapping process such as that set out by Hameed (University of Aberdeen), it offers a vocabulary which is adapted to the end-user needs.  </s>
<s> The two alternatives however are not incompatible and in fact the two routes may be followed in sequence according to resources available.  </s>
<s> As the JRC intends to lead an ontology project, the best possible route is probably in the short term to develop satisfactory default rulesets for import.  </s>
<s> These rulesets could then be simply tagged by name in IE/NS (for example instead of high, low, medium it would show EU (high), EU(medium), US (high), trust-e etc?  </s>
<s> This would require no modification to the P3P specification but would require the agreement of Browser developers, particularly Microsoft.  </s>
<s> In the longer term, a higher level ontology could be incorporated into the P3P specification, so that more detailed terms are grouped under higher level headings, which then form the basis of a standardized end-user preference scheme.  </s>
<s> This would need to be discussed with Resources: The European Commission's JRC Cybersecurity team has already carried out much of the work necessary to develop a new version of APPEL and resources are available to complete this within the JRC.  </s>
<s> Resources are also available within the JRC for the development of a higher level ontology which is part of the proposals for the RAPID initiative.  </s>
<s> Further resources required are commitments to discussion on standardization of user agent interfaces by Microsoft, Netscape, Opera and other user agent implementers.  </s>
<s> Time Frame The development of an improved version of APPEL should be possible within 9 months to a year including the consensus process.  </s>
<s> As Internet Explorer is the most important user agent, account should be taken of the time frames for development of new versions of IE.  </s>
<s> The development, agreement and integration of a higher level ontology is possible within 2 years and is therefore a process which should be assigned to the P3P 2.0 specification.  </s>
<s> Giles Hogben TP267 CyberSecurity Unit Institute for the Protection and Security of the Citizen (IPSC) European Commission - Euratom Centro Comune di Ricerca Via Enrico Fermi 1 21020 Ispra, Italy  </s>
<s> Thanks to those of you who have submitted your future work proposals.  </s>
<s> Danny and I are finishing up the draft workshop report and adding links to the future work proposals.  </s>
<s> Since most of you are on vacation or will be shortly, our plan is to post the draft workshop report on January 6 for your feedback.  </s>
<s> We will also be drafting a proposed charter for a P3P1.1 working group based on the future work proposals.  </s>
<s> Happy holidays and happy new year!  </s>
<s> Lorrie  </s>
