<s> In today's conference call it occured to me that both the A-Prompt and  </s>
<s> ALTifier project should be (jointly?) a part of the Authoring Tools Working Group since both modules should (if they become mature) prove of  </s>
<s> interest to the targets of that group.  </s>
<s> Perhaps somebody could bring this up to the Co-ordinating Group.  </s>
<s> Love.  </s>
<s> ACCESSIBILITY IS RIGHT - NOT PRIVILEGE  </s>
<s> I would be interested, but think we can wait for a while.  </s>
<s> Keep in mind that my ALTifier is a STUDY PROJECT, and that apart from the paper/report there has no coding been done so far.  </s>
<s> Let me first code the simple command-line tool suggested, put it on my site for download, and we will see.  </s>
<s> Regards, Michael Michael Vorburger mike@vorburger.ch  </s>
<s> &amp; michael.vorburger@epfl.ch  </s>
<s> QUOTE: "ONE or NO world." (A.  </s>
<s> Einstein) HOMEPAGE: http://www.vorburger.ch/  </s>
<s> We should share information and ideas but I don't think the two projects should be joined.  </s>
<s> I'm in constant contact with Jutta (chair of the Authoring Tools Guidelines Working Group) and have been letting her know about Michael's project.  </s>
<s> I agree with Michael that we should wait until he's farther along then have another look.  </s>
<s> Chris Ridpath  </s>
